This paper deals with a problem of retrieving natural sentences that describe a given sequence of images and forming a sequence of sentences. This problem is definitely significant in the research fields of computer vision and pattern recognition, but it is closely related to generating multiple sentences that describe given video content (e.g. [Rohrbach+ 2014]): Single video content can be regarded as a sequence of images, since video content can be separated into multiple video shots and every shot can be well described by a key frame. However in this paper, none in this line of researches have not been cited.
This paper is well written and easy to follow. The problem is well stated and solved with a set of solid techniques.
The proposed neural network model named CRCN acquires relationships between a sequence of natural sentences and a sequence of images. The architecture of the proposed model is technically sound and it also describes discourse relationships very well with the help of entity-based coherence models.
The method for generating a sequence of natural sentences is reasonable but rather primitive: Every natural sentence is directly associated with training images similar to a given image, and all the sequences are simply concatenated in the order of the corresponding images.
 In Section 4.1, "We reuse the blog data of Disneyland from the dataset of [11], and newly collect the data of NYC, using the same crawling method with [11]," The data set has not been disclosed and the corresponding paper does not describe the details how to crawl the data set. This indicates that the authors of this paper is definitely almost the same as the ones in [11] and thus this situation deliberately lacks the anonymity.
Equation (2) might be incorrect, since it implies that st can be derived from only ot and thus the network is not fully connected. The proposed neural network model is technically sound and it also describes discourse relationships well with the help of entity-based coherence models. Meanwhile, the method for generating a sequence of sentences for a given image stream is rather ad-hoc. I think that this paper can be accepted as a poster paper as is.