Summary: This paper considers the Generalized Lasso with non-linear measurements and Gaussian design. A known heuristic often used is that non-linear observations may be treated as noisy linear observations. Capitalizing on the work of Plan and Vershynin [17], the authors here extend the results of [17], and by moving to an asymptotic regime, they provide novel precise explicit expressions of the error estimation. The accuracy of their predictions is confirmed with many special cases (including the Lasso, the group Lasso and the nuclear norm). The application to the design of optimal quantizers in the context of q-Bit CS and its relation to the Lloyd-Max quantizer is very insightful.
 Quality: This is a nice piece of work.
 Clarity: The paper is quite well-written, though the treatment is somewhat unbalanced. The lack of space however prevents including all the necessary details.
 Originality: The paper builds upon the work of Plan and Vershynin [17] and expands in several aspects that are novel. For instance, the explicit expressions of the performance estimation error are new.
 Comments:
 1) Page 4, line 193: the regularized and penalized versions are equivalent with appropriate correspondence.
 2) Caption of Figure 1: 'n=768' shouldbe '$n$=768'.
 3) Page 5, line 247: a typo at 'When ...'.
 4) Page 5, line 294: what the authors call the proximal function is (very well) known in convex analysis as the Moreau envelope of index \tau. The notation used there is awkward as prox is generally used for the proximal point/operator but not for the Moreau envelope. I suggest changing it.
 5) Page 5, Assumption 1: I think it would instructive to give this assumption a more formal interpretation using results from variational analysis.
 6) The authors should avoid calling the generalized Lasso an algorithm in the text. It is certainly a (convex) program (or decoder to borrow the terminology widely used in CS), but not an algorithm.
 7) Experiments: the authors show the results when applying the generalized Lasso to the non-linear measurements, and how the theorems predict the estimation error. This paper considers the Generalized Lasso with non-linear measurements and Gaussian design are proves that asymptotically, the estimation performance of the Generalized Lasso with such measurements is the same as if the measurements were linear and noisy (Gaussian). The authors provide novel precise explicit expressions of the estimation error, and confirm their findings with many special cases (including the Lasso, the group Lasso and the nuclear norm). The application to the design of optimal quantizers in the context of q-Bit CS and its relation to the Lloyd-Max quantizer is very insightful.