The authors extend the winning segmentation algorithm from the ISBI 2012 segmentation challenge (Base2D in their paper) with two major extensions. Following advances in convnets for image recognition, the base architecture is made deeper, with smaller convolutions. The output from the 2D network is then used to initialize a 3D network, with further improvements in segmentation accuracy.
In terms of quality, the paper presents a clear advance in the state of the art on a challenging and important problem. The experiments use a number of metrics, both subjective and quantitative, to demonstrate their improvements. I would have liked to see experiments on a larger variety of datasets, and possibly larger datasets, since scaling is a major concern in connectomics applications. I would also hope future work more thoroughly compares against methods beyond the ISBI 2012 winner, including many of the papers they cite, and more recent advances such as this: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1506.04304.pdf
The paper is very clearly presented. There is not much in the way of dense derivations, since the architecture is a straightforward combination of existing parts. The figures are well-organized and thorough.
In terms of originality, some ideas are imported from other application areas (which is valuable in its own right, to see if those ideas can generalize beyond their original domain) while others derive inspiration from understanding of the biological visual system. None of the parts of this architecture are wildly original or complicated, which I see as a virtue, as it will be easy for practitioners in the field to adopt.
This paper is significant in that automating EM segmentation has the potential to revolutionize neuroscience. While this is an incremental advance in that direction, any improvements in efficiency are useful to the community and should be shared. The authors present a novel convolutional neural network architecture for segmenting connectomics data. They present convincing evidence that their method leads to superior segmentation on this challenging and important problem.