The authors provide an analysis of the Robust PCA problem when the sparse corruption follow a non-uniform Bernoulli distribution. The paper shows that in such a non-uniform situation, high probability recovery relies on local incoherence of the low-rank matrix. In particular, entries which are locally incoherent can tolerate more error.
The analysis builds on certain existing ideas in the literature, such as the golfing scheme. The results are presented both for the random sign setting as well as the fixed sign setting. The results do provide additional insights into the robust PCA problem.
Some concerns regarding the work - clarifications on these may help the reader better understand the contribution. First, there has been considerable progress in convex demixing [1], which provides general geometric conditions under which recovery of the form S+L is possible - in fact, the scope of these developments are substantially more general. It will be important to contrast the proposed specific results to this body of work. Further, the local incoherence condition, while interesting, does not appear testable for a given problem. So, it is somewhat unclear how to use the condition in practice.
The analysis in the paper is based on weighted norm, which in itself is an interesting idea. But several conclusions concerning this norm can be found in your reference [9]. It will be important to clearly separate what is known, and what the current paper adds, and otherwise highlight the advantage of this norm for the current problem. Otherwise, the contributions come across as somewhat incremental.
The implications for cluster matrices is interesting. The experimental part is fine. It may be interesting to have some results on robust PCA after centering to see if one gets qualitatively different results.
Additional comments -
Pros:
Clear writing
Many experiments
Cons:
Results not put in proper context of existing related literature.
Draws considerably from existing results, and comes across as incremental.
[1] M. B. McCoy, A geometric analysis of convex demixing, 2013.  The authors provide an analysis of the Robust PCA problem when the sparse corruption follow a non-uniform Bernoulli distribution. The paper shows that in such a non-uniform situation, high probability recovery relies on local incoherence of the low-rank matrix. In particular, entries which are locally incoherent can tolerate more error.The analysis builds on certain existing ideas in the literature, such as the golfing scheme. The results are presented both for the random sign setting as well as the fixed sign setting. The results do provide additional insights into the robust PCA problem. There are some concerns regarding the work - clarifications on these may help the reader better understand the contribution.