This paper presents a new object proposal method that exploits depth data (from stereo) to propose bounding boxes for object (pedestrian, car, and cyclist) detection in self driving car applications. It gets point cloud from stereo pairs and defines a scoring function based on some features that operate on the point cloud. The weights in scoring function are object dependent and are learned in a structured SVM framework. In inference, it evaluates the scoring function for all possible windows that match the prior (being on the road). Finally, an RCNN scores the proposed bounding boxes to detect the objects.
The method is evaluated on KITTI dataset for three objects (pedestrian, car, and cyclist) and have got good results compared to reasonable baselines.
This is an interesting idea and the computer vision community is interested in improving object detection in self driving car applications, so should be interesting to the audience.
 The results are great.
Usually, object proposal algorithms are category independent and then later, an object detection algorithm detects the objects by evaluating all the proposals. However, here, the weights are object dependent, so I think it's better to call this paper an object detection algorithm that has a high recall rather than an object proposal one. Since the scoring function doesn't sort the detected boxes well, an RCNN is resorting the detections to get a better average precision. Hence, it might be good to clarify this in the paper. Therefore, there are quite a few object detection algorithms that operate in 3D and can be used as baselines here. For instance [24] uses RGBD to detect objects.
The results are great, but the technical novelty is somewhat limited as it introduces some depth based features, does exhaustive search in inference, and learns using structured SVM. This is ok, but I think it would be better to evaluate this method at least on one more dataset to show that the features can generalize across datasets.
 I think good results of this paper is the main positive point.  This paper shows great results for pedestrian, car, and cyclist detection in KITTI dataset. However, the technical novelty seems to be limited.