SUMMARY
This paper proves universality of a variant of a recently published kernel on persistence diagrams, which are frequently used to encode the persistent homology of data. Universality of the kernel enables the use of kernelized hypothesis testing, which is applied to studying the topology of the underlying data space of both synthetic and real data.
The paper is very well written, although I would wish for it to be more self contained. The paper is sound and interesting, and opens up to kernel methods for topological data analysis which is novel as far as I know, except for the recently published kernel. The previous paper reduces the novelty, and the experimental validation does not shine light on whether the paper actually improves on the state-of-the art as there is no comparison to other methods. On the other hand, I think the paper might generate interesting discussions in the NIPS community.
 DETAILS
Completeness
It would have been nice to see a more detailed discussion of topological data analysis, and persistence diagrams + Wasserstein distances in particular, as these are not mainstream topics at NIPS. I urge the authors to include this in their final version. Space could e.g. be taken from the current discussion of related work which is very much focused on the computation of means of persistence diagrams (no need to leave out references, just shorten the description, which is not crucial in this paper).
Similarly, it would be very helpful if you include definitions of terms like "birth-death bounded" (although I appreciate the reference). The average NIPS attendee might like to read your paper, but likely would not look up terms like this, so including definitions will largely increase your audience.
 Proposition 2
I have a question regarding the proof of Proposition 2. It is not clear to me why f(\mathcal{R}) = \mathcal{S}, but this probably has to do with the lack of including the definition of "birth-death bounded"?
 Experiments
It would have been nice to see a comparison with other methods, e.g. permutation tests comparing means or variances of the data sets with respect to the Wasserstein distance, or comparing to shape analysis of the surfaces in section 4.2. It is left unclear whether the method improves on the state-of-the-art.
 TYPOS
line 094: form -> from on page 3 your reference to [13] should probably come the minute you start talking about MMD, as this is not a contribution of your paper line 222: an function -> a function Interesting and well written paper which proves universality of a variant of a previously published kernel for topological data analysis. Novelty is a bit limited and experimental validation lacks comparison with other methods.