(This is a "light" review, so no detailed comments, but a few remarks.)
 * "total multiplicities are bounded by N" in the second paragraph of Section 3
 confused me. I thought you meant the maximum multiplicity of any point is at
 most N, but it seems (after the discussion of the bounded subset of (R^2)^N
 that you are working with) that you mean the sum of multiplicities of
 off-diagonal points is at most N. It would be good to clarify this upfront.
 * In the paper, you down-play the requirements on bounded persistence and, more
 importantly, on bounded multiplicities. But, of course, it's a serious
 limitation. Especially odd is the argument that because we are interested in
 finite processes, we don't have to care. The type of theorem you present
 would probably be most useful in relating the persistence diagram of some
 smooth function (possibly perturbed by noise) to what you get from a finite
 approximation (to get inference-type results). But the smooth perturbed
 function is unlikely to satisfy the bounded multiplicities requirements. It
 would probably be helpful to add a discussion of this in the paper to alert a
 non-expert reader of potential issues.
 * Figure 2 is more confusing than necessary because of its 3D view of the
 function on the plane.
The functions should be symmetric, but it's not clear
 from the figure that they are. Maybe it would be better to show them as
 2-dimensional colormaps?
 * I'm badly confused by all the talk of 0-dimensional features recovering
 the two holes, in Section 4.1. How is this possible? You seem to be taking
 sublevel sets of the distance functions, and you don't seem to be working
 with "extended persistence." Do 0-dimensional features mean something other
 than "we are looking at 0-dimensional homology"? There are more issues like
 this in Section 4. This really needs to be clarified: it's very confusing.  The paper is an important contribution to bringing statistical foundations to the study of persistent homology (an algebraic topological descriptor of scalar functions). Roughly, it applies kernel methods and maps a persistence diagram to a scalar function over a plane. It shows that the resulting kernel is universal and that this fact is useful in practice. The results are strong and important, so I recommend the paper for publication.