SUMMARY
 Hamiltonian MCMC methods sample from a probability
 distribution by treating its log as a "potential energy"
 function over the state space, augmenting the space with extra
 "momentum variables" and their associated "kinetic energy",
 and evolving the state of the Markov process by integrating
 the physical Hamiltonian equations of motion of the system.
 Each step of the Markov chain is accomplished by numerically
 integrating the Hamiltonian equations forward in time.
 However, if the energy function is non-differentiable, the
 integral is not well-defined.
The rejection step that is used
 to counteract numerical inaccuracies in the integration also
 accounts for such non-differentiable regions, but at the cost
 of slowing down the mixing rate of the Markov chain.
This
 paper suggests physically-inspired "reflections" and
 "refractions" of the trajectory of the system that occur
 whenever the state crosses a discontinuity in the energy
 function.
It applies to target distributions that are
 differentiable everywhere except on the boundaries of certain
 polytopes; the reflection or refraction occurs whenever the
 trajectory of the system crosses such a boundary.
 Whether a reflection or refraction occurs depends on if the
 momentum component of the state is sufficient to "climb" the
 gap in energy.
The authors show that the necessary
 volume-preservation properties are satisfied by these
 reflection and refraction procedures, so that the Markov
 chains converges to the required target distribution.
 QUALITY
 The presented modification to Hamiltonian MCMC is useful and
 the case of piecewise-differentiable target distributions is
 quite applicable in practice.
It would, of course, be useful
 to have boundaries that are not affine hyperplanes.
 CLARITY
 The algorithm, its motivation, and the proof of the volume
 preservation property is clearly presented.
Some more
 (qualitative and/or quantitative) discussion about how the
 reflections and refractions affect rejection rates would be
 useful.
 ORIGINALITY AND SIGNIFICANCE
 The idea of applying physically-based reflection and
 refraction to Hamiltonian MCMC methods appears to be novel and
 useful.
While the present work proves its correctness under
 certain conditions, it is an interesting avenue of research to
 extend it further.
  A modification of Hamiltonian MCMC is presented tohandle probability distributions that are not differentiable onthe boundaries of polytopes.The proposed solution is for thetrajectory of the system to be reflected or refracted when itencounters such a boundary, thereby reducing rejection rates andimproving mixing speed.