UPDATES AFTER REBUTTAL: Thank you for addressing my questions. The extra numerical results in the supplement are a welcome addition to the paper. I think that this is a good paper, but I will keep my score at 7.
ORIGINAL REVIEW: The paper proposes a modified leapfrog integrator for Hamiltonian Monte Carlo for sampling from piecewise continuous probability distributions, with affine discontinuity boundaries. The simulator makes use of reflection and refraction of the simulated trajectory whenever it hits a boundary. Similar ideas have previously been used for simulating from multivariate Gaussian distributions with constraints, but as far as I can tell this is the first application of this approach to "general" distributions (although, I'm not an expert on HMC). The idea is simple but intuitively appealing (most good ideas are simple!) and I think that this method can be very useful for a restricted class of problems. The numerical evaluation is not very extensive and the authors should consider extending it for a later (re)submission. Furthermore, there are several typos that need to be corrected.
Finally, can you comment on the possibility of using non-affine discontinuity boundaries? Apart from the computational issues associated with computing intersections, would it be possible to extend the approach to allow for more general boundaries?
Some detailed comments/questions:
- In section 3: in think that it could be useful to mention that K(p') = K(p) - \Delta U to explain the form of the refracted momentum. - In Equation (3): aren't the upper triangle (excluding the four elements in the upper left corner) also zero? - Line 363: Missing normalisation by k in the definition of WMAE. - Footnote 2 on page 7: I think that it would be good if you could elaborate on the sensitivity of the tuning parameters (L and eps) of your method to convince the reader. Perhaps include additional numerical result in a supplementary material?  The paper proposes a modified leapfrog integrator for Hamiltonian Monte Carlo for sampling from piecewise continuous probability distributions, with affine discontinuity boundaries. The idea is simple but potentially very useful for a restricted class of problems. The numerical evaluation is not very extensive.