This paper proposes a simple greedy strategy for the min-max hypergraph partitioning problem under the streaming model. This paper defines a stochastic model for generating the input hypergraph and show the sufficient conditions for the asymptotical recovery of the hidden clusters for the hypergraphs generated using this model.
I think the paper studies an interesting and important problem. The proposed stochastic model for graph generation seems interesting and novel. I find it interesting to see that the min-max graph partitioning problem can be almost recovered under certain conditions of the graph.
 However, I am mostly concerned about how realistic the stochastic model for generating the graph is: does the hidden co-clustering assumption about how the data is generated realistic in practice? I hope to see more justification of why this model is natural for real-world applications.
 I think the authors should also cite a recent but very relevant paper below, which essentially considers the same problem of min-max graph partitioning and proposes an offline greedy algorithm very similar to the one proposed in this work. The offline greedy algorithm is claimed to run with time complexity of O(k|E|) , where k is the number of parts in the resulting partitioning and |E| is the number of edges in the bipartite graph. I am curious to see how the streaming greedy algorithm performs relative to the offline greedy algorithm empirically.
 Graph Partitioning via Parallel Submodular Approximation to Accelerate Distributed Machine Learning Mu Li, Dave G. Andersen, Alexander J. Smola, 2015
http://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.04636.pdf
Minor comments:
Line 168-171: It seems that this part of paper is trying to claim that the random partitioning of the graph can yield bad performance, but all it shows is that the random partitioning gives a cost of (1-1/e)m, whereas it is unclear what the global optimal is.
Description of Alg 1 (Line 216-225): The notations used in Alg 1 are a bit confusing. At the beginning of Alg 1, Si's are defined to be the assignment of the items, which makes me think that Si should denote the set of items in block i. However, it seems that S_i is used to refer to the set of topics covered by the items in block i in the description of the algorithm. I find it quite confusing.
  This paper proposes a simple greedy strategy for the min-max hypergraph partitioning problem under the streaming model. This paper defines a stochastic model for generating the input hypergraph and show the sufficient conditions for the asymptotical recovery of the hidden clusters.