The paper presents new methods to learn parameters and then perform inference (either Viterbi or forward/backward) for continous time HMM models (CT-HMM) with non uniformly distributed time points. They solve the inference problem for the transition rate matrix Q by constructing a discrete time inhomogeneous HMM then applying two recently developed methods to get sufficient statistics for their EM (Expfm, Unif - from Hobolth & Jensen 2011). They follow with a detailed time complexity analysis for the different flavors of the their algorithm (Table 1) before proceeding to experimental evaluation. Experiments include a 5 state synthetic dataset and two disease progression datasets for Glaucoma and AD.
Pros: The paper is mostly well written and the problem addressed is interesting in terms of the computational challenge, the modeling aspects, and the biomedical domain. The authors provide mathematical foundation for their approach building on previous work by
Hobolth & Jensen 2011 for the specific task at hand. The authors do a good job explaining the biomedical datasets/questions and relating their results to what is known about the disease.
Cons: 1. The synthetic data evaluation is not sufficient. Why 5 states? 10^6 samples seems an awful lot of samples to train on an not representative of real life problems. The difference between states emission (line 319-320) seems too easy? That may explain why all their algorithm's variants seem to preform similarly. Harder settings and varying different parameters may flush out differences better and give a bette sense of how the algorithm can perform on real life data. 2. Sec. 5.2 is rather cryptic, especially the description of the competing methods. Consider adding details about those in the appendix to make this section more clear.
Minor comments: 1. Fig2 is not self contained. Referring to it first (line 40) is premature. 2. Line 91 "the rate the process" 3. Line 161 "in only at" 4. Sec 5.2: the claim about binary search (lines 348-350) is not clear. 5. Line 399 "to shown"  The paper develop new methods to efficiently perform parameter learning and subsequent inference for CT-HMM, then apply the method to two disease progression datasets.