This paper investigates the application of the variational autoencoder to a recurrent model. The work is well motivated in the introduction, then the paper becomes less and less clear (for instance equations 1 and 2 have a problem). The real contribution starts in the middle of page 4.
Note that the first two sentences of the paragraph "Generation" in this page is the true summary of the paper. These two sentences could appear earlier in the paper, even in a different version.
 However, the main issue comes with the experimental part and table 1. The evaluation criterion is the average log-probability. If this really the case, all results in table 1 should be negative, not only the 3 first scores of the first row. Otherwise, maybe it's the minus Log probability, but in this case the lower is the better. At the end, I cannot understand the numbers in this table. Note that these are the only results.
 Comments (reading order):
It is true that summarizing the paper of Kingma and Welling, 2014 in less than one page is difficult. However, the result is not always easy to read. It could be maybe easier to directly describe the VAE in the recurrent context.
 Page 2: "extend the variational autoencoder (VAE) into an recurrent"
" offers a interesting combination highly " -> " offers an interesting combination of highly ..." Note that this sentence is very long with too much "and".
 There is maybe an issue with with these two equations: xt depends on ht in (1) and then in (2) ht depends on xt.
There must be a "t-1" somewhere to avoid this cycle. Is that correct ?
 Page 6: "We use truncated backpropagation through time and initialize hidden state with the final hidden state of previous mini batch,
resetting to a zero-vector every four updates." This part sounds tricky. Could you comment if this necessary because for the conventional model or for the one with latente variables, or both ?  The work is well motivated in the introduction. The idea to apply the variational autoencoder at each time step of a recurrent network is really nice. However, there is a problem with the experimental results that I cannot understand.