This paper advances understanding of generalization error in adaptive data analysis by introduction the notion of max-information, establishing connections to differential privacy- and description length-based adaptive data analysis, and developing new algorithms. Max-information is a natural quantity for this problem and I suspect that this development will enable new algorithms and new approaches for correct adaptive data analysis, such as the description length-based approach in the paper.
Quality: The paper studies an important problem and significantly advances our understanding. The paper has a good blend of theory -- with the analysis of the max-information notion -- and practice -- with two new algorithms and empirical results.
 Clarity: I think one minor shortcoming of the paper is that the main text packs in too much content into too little space. The full version of the paper is much more readable but maybe there are some results that can be condensed or omitted in the main text? I found the introduction verbose and believe it can be significantly condensed.
Another thing that I think would be helpful is a comparison of the main Theorems to those in [6]. I think the discussion following Theorem 8 is useful but I would like to have a more formal comparison. Looking at [6], I think the right results to compare are Theorem 9 in [6] with Corollary 20 here. Qualitatively the bounds seem to be similar -- for sensitive 1/n functions, setting the differential privacy parameter to be tau gives deviation bounds analogous to Hoeffding's bound in both cases. If I understand that correctly, I think it is important to point out.
 More generally, being very explicit about the key contributions of the paper would aid readability.
Originality: Original.
Significance: Significant.
Some minor comments: 1. In Definition 3 I\infty^\beta((S, \Acal(S)) should be I\infty^\beta(S; \Acal(S)).
2. In the experiment section (in the main text) you mention that you also use Gaussian noise instead of Laplace noise. Is that shown in the figure? Or is Laplace noise shown there? This paper studies the important problem of generalization in adaptive data analysis and gives new theoretical insights and algorithms. I think the results in this paper are important, and apart from minor issues mostly having to do with many results packed into few pages, I have very few complaints.