The paper uses a bidirectional, convolutional RNN to do multi-frame super resolution. They compare their method to a number of single frame and multi-frame methods.
 This appears to be an extension of the model proposed by Dong et al 2014 to the temporal domain. The convolutional network is extended into the temporal domain by having featuremaps which are dependent in time alongside the featuremaps found in a standard feedforward convolutional network. The recurrent convolution is novel. The model is fairly simple and elegant to implement.
The bidirectional aspect is not novel and goes back to at least as early as 1997 (Schuster and Paliwal) [http://www.di.ufpe.br/~fnj/RNA/bibliografia/BRNN.pdf]. Bidirectional networks are also extremely common in the NLP and speech recognition literature.
The authors should provide more detail if pretraining the feedforward weights is absolutely necessary for the model to work as intended. If it is necessary, the authors should provide more detail to the pretraining process (whether it was trained on static images or video images frame by frame).
The recurrent/conditional convolutions provide the most substantial gains is a nice result. But the marginal improvement provided by both connections combined (v,r,t) seems to imply one becomes redundant in the presence of the other.
The method seems to work better than other previous methods, although it is hard to evaluate by how much.
Other comments: -- No citations for bidirectional RNNs (see above) -- The filter visualization section is not very illuminating -- Could offer better motivation for the architecture, why would one expect this to work better than existing methods? -- Not clear how they deal with edge effects. Eg. using a convolution reduces the size of the image. Going forward in time, they have filter sizes of size 1 so the size doesn't change, but when going deeper into the network, the filter size is 9, so the resulting feature map is smaller than the original image. Not sure how they deal with this.
-- figure 3, the image with the flag and power lines, the region with the power lines has some ringing artifacts, comments?
 Overall, I like the paper. the recurrent convolution is a very good/obvious idea.
 The use of a convolutional RNN is a good idea and a novel contribution to this problem.However the paper could do more to shed insight on why the method actually works well compared to existing methods.