The paper discusses the problem of semi-supervised learning where data points are vertices on a graph and edges represent our belief that two vertices are likely to have the same label. The authors analyze a new method (longest-path) for predicting vertex labels incrementally (online) and characterize the number of mistakes made depending on the behaviour of the adversary (who chooses the next vertex and its label). The setup is assuming the labeling follows an underlying Ising distribution. The proposed method is analyzed with the help of a combinatorial structure (PQ graph) that collapses vertices of the same label. This allows for the development of a tractable algorithm (quadratic in the size of the graph) that avoids counting of the label cuts (sets of sedge connecting vertices with different labels).
 Quality: The results and analysis appear to be correct. The proposed new algorithm has tractable runtime and improves the error bound in certain settings.
 Clarity: I found the paper poorly structures and hard to follow. The introductory sections are well written and set the stage. However, the analysis does not follow smoothly. It is unclear where the paper is going and why the intermediate results on regular graphs are presented. Furthermore, the discussion section appears to give a lot of new information (e.g., summarizing the 4+1 proposed) methods for label prediction). The paper could benefit a lot by given all that information in the paper and not at the end to help evaluate the context and significance of this work.
 Originality, Significance: The paper proposes a new algorithm that makes use of the PQ-graph to reduce complexity. The longest-path algorithm can achieve lower error bounds in certain cases, and maths the optimal bound on trees. Unfortunately, The paper is outside my area so my ability to judge its significance and originality is limited.
  The paper discusses error bounds for a new algorithm for predicting incrementally the labels of a graph in a semi-supervised setting. I found the flow of the paper not very smooth and thus hard to follow and evaluate the significance of the results.