The authors analyze techniques for statistical preference learning given ordered data, proving recovery guarantees when the underlying parameter matrix is low rank. The manuscript is well written and satisfactorily addresses important technical questions, but lacks sufficient empirical evaluation. The presented results depend on notions of restricted strong convexity, under fairly standard assumptions. Further, the authors provide both upper and lower bounds for their analysis, suggesting that the proposed sample complexity is close to optimal under the presented assumptions.
The authors combine models for collaborative ranking and bundle choice modeling under the rubric of collaborative preference learning. While it is clear that the statistical results on bundled choice modeling are closely related to the results on collaborative ranking, I think the transition between the two models is clunky, and the authors may have been better served be focusing on one or the other problem class.
I suggest that the authors consider additional experimental evaluation. For instance, it would have been useful to empirically compare the proposed approach to other approaches proposed in the literature to evaluate real work performance and/or evaluate the robustness of the proposed approaches to model mis-specification. Further, no experimental evaluation is presented for the bundled choice modeling problem (further emphasizing my suggestion of removing this section). I understand that the goal of the paper is mainly to present theoretical results, but the area of study is well served by empirical results for new techniques.
 Minor comments: Line 124: If l is indexed starting from 1 what is S{i,1} (since v{i,0} does not exist)? The authors should clarify if the null definition is implicit.
The claim (6) is not obvious to me, can the authors provide some more detail?
Line 288: Note that deleting the row mean increases the rank of Theta by 1 in general. Please fix and double check the results of Fig 1, or show that the rank of the de-meaned parameter does not change. The authors analyze techniques for statistical preference learning given ordered data, proving recovery guarantees when the underlying parameter matrix is low rank. The manuscript is well written and satisfactorily addresses important technical questions, but lacks sufficient empirical evaluation.