The paper proposes a variant of EP (SEP) which assumes the local factor (site) approximations to be identical with the result that the memory requirements are reduced by a factor of N. This is helpful in large data applications since only the global posterior approximation needs to be held in memory during the EP iterations. By experiments with probit regression, Gaussian mixture models and neural networks, the paper demonstrates that the SEP approximation can be quite close to EP in terms of accuracy.
Quality:
The proposed methods are reasonably well justified with references to existing literature and the experiments are well made. My biggest concern about the SEP approximation is the regime where the SEP/AEP assumption fails? Based on 5.1 DSEP with a manageable number of different local approximations seems to be the method of choice? Also it would be nice to illustrate possible problematic cases in terms of approximation quality with very simple examples.
 Clarity:
The paper is well written and clearly structured. The analogy with SVI/VI could be explained more clearly in the main text. The remarks on the VI limit of PEP on lines 138-140 could be explained more clearly. How is this related to the discussion in [23]? Also in A.2 the approximate family and the definition of the natural parameters could be written down to clarify the text.
 Lines 152-154: In many usual settings with Gaussian approximations the complexity of the site approximations is much less than D^2, and doesn't this also often depend on the number of model factors that are being approximated with each site approximation?
 Originality:
The average local factor assumption is similar to AEP, which has already been published. For this reason it would be nice to summarize e.g. the DSEP/DAEP comparison from figure 2 of the supplements more clearly in the main text. Also distributed EP settings have been proposed earlier but overall I like the paper because it puts together many different variants of EP.
 Significance:
Overall the paper makes incremental contributions to various directions that extend the EP framework but I like the paper because it puts together many different variants of EP.  A well written paper that makes incremental extensions to EP but puts together many different variants of EP. The models and other settings where the SEP/AEP assumption possibly fails could be illustrated more thoroughly.