Attempts to use chatbots for every form of human-computer interaction has been a major trend in 2016, with claims that they could solve many forms of dialogs beyond simple chit-chat. This paper represents a serious reality check. While it is mostly relevant for Dialog/Natural Language venues (to educate software engineer about the limitations of current chatbots), it can also be published at Machine Learning venues (to educate researchers about the need for more realistic validation of ML applied to dialogs), so I would consider this work of  high significance.
Two important conjectures are underlying this paper and likely to open to more research. While they are not in writing, Antoine Bordes clearly stated them during a NIPS workshop presentation that covered this work. Considering the metrics chosen in this paper:
1)	The performance of end2end ML approaches is still insufficient for goal oriented dialogs.
2)	When comparing algorithms, relative performance on synthetic data is a good predictor of performance on natural data. This would be quite a departure from previous observations, but the authors made a strong effort to match the synthetic and natural conditions.
While its original algorithmic contribution consists in one rather simple addition to memory networks (match type), it is the first time these are deployed and tested on a goal-oriented dialog, and the experimental protocol is excellent. The overall paper clarity is excellent and accessible to a readership beyond ML and dialog researchers. I was in particular impressed by how the short appendix on memory networks summarized them so well, followed by the tables that explained the influence of the number of hops.
While this paper represents the state-of-the-art in the exploration of more rigorous metrics for dialog modeling, it also reminds us how brittle and somewhat arbitrary these remain. Note this is more a recommendation for future research than  for revision.
First they use the per-response accuracy (basically the next utterance classification among a fixed list of responses). Looking at table 3 clearly shows how absurd this can be in practice: all that matters is a correct API call and a reasonably short dialog, though this would only give us a 1/7 accuracy, as the 6 bot responses needed to reach the API call also have to be exact.
Would the per-dialog accuracy, where all responses must be correct, be better? Table 2 shows how sensitive it is to the experimental protocol. I was initially puzzled that the accuracy for subtask T3 (0.0) was much lower that the accuracy for the full dialog T5 (19.7), until the authors pointed me to the tasks definitions (3.1.1) where T3 requires displaying 3 options while T5 only requires displaying one.
For the concierge data, what would happen if 'correct' meant being the best, not among the 5-best? 
While I cannot fault the authors for using standard dialog metrics, and coming up with new ones that are actually too pessimistic, I can think of one way to represent dialogs that could result in more meaningful metrics in goal oriented dialogs. Suppose I sell Virtual Assistants as a service, being paid upon successful completion of a dialog. What is the metric that would maximize my revenue? In this restaurant problem, the loss would probably be some weighted sum of the number of errors in the API call, the number of turns to reach that API call and the number of rejected options by the user. However, such as loss cannot be measured on canned dialogs and would either require a real human user or an realistic simulator
Another issue closely related to representation learning that this paper fails to address or explain properly is what happens if the vocabulary used by the user does not match exactly the vocabulary in the knowledge base. In particular, for the match type algorithm to code 'Indian' as 'type of cuisine', this word would have to occur exactly in the KB. I can imagine situations where the KB uses some obfuscated terminology, and we would like ML to learn the associations rather than humans to hand-describe them.