The paper presents a new framework to solve the SR problem - amortized MAP inference and adopts a pre-learned affine projection layer to ensure the output is consistent with LR. Also, it proposes three different methods to solve the problem of minimizing cross-entropy. Generally, it is a great paper. However, I still have several comments:
1) The proposed amortized MAP inference is novel and different from the previous SR methods. Combined with GAN, this framework can obtain plausible and good results. Compared with another GAN-based SR methods - Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network, question may arise as to what this new formulation adds to the latest state-of-the-art.
2) Using an affine projection architecture as a constraint, the model do not need any corresponding {HR, LR} image pairs for training. However, when training the affine projection layer, we still need the {HR, LR} image pairs. Does it mean that we merely transfer this training procedure to the training of affine projection?
3) The paper presents many results of the framework, including the results of natural images from ImageNet. Can the author also provide the results of Set5, Set14 or BSD100, which are conventional test dataset for SR, so that we can perform a fair comparison with previous work.
4) I see that the size of the results of nature images presented in this paper are limited to 128*128. Can this framework perform well on images with larger size? Because SR will encounter input with arbitrary size.
5) A normal GAN will have a noise term as a latent space, so that it can be better illustrated as learning a distribution. Do the author try the noise vector?
Overall, this paper provides a new framework for SR with solid theoretical analysis. The idea is novel and the author explore many methods. Though there still exist questions like the necessity and more experiments are needed. I think this work will will provide good inspiration to the community.