I agree with reviewer 2 on the interesting part of the paper. The idea of removing or adding units is definitely an interesting direction, that will make a model grow or shrink along the lines required by the problem and the data, not the user prior knowledge.
The authors offer an interesting theoretical result that proves that under fan out or fan in regularization the optimum of the error function is achieved for finite number of parameters - so the net does not grow indefinitely, until it over-fits perfectly the data.
That reminds me of more traditional approaches such as Lasso or Elastic Net, in which the regularization produces sparse weights. I would  have like more intuition to be given for this theorem. It is a nice result, somewhat expected (at last for me it is intuitive) and I would have liked such intuition to be given some space in the paper. For example, less discussion of prior work (that is nice too, but not as important as discussing and studying the main result of the paper) could make more room for addressing the theoretical results. Please also see below (point 2) for some suggestions.
I have a few other comments to make:
1. An interesting experiment would be to show that a model such as yours, where the nodes (neurons) are added or removed automatically can outperform a net with the same number of nodes (at the end, after complete learning), in which the size and number of nodes per layer are fixed from the start. This would prove the efficiency of the idea. This is where your method is interesting: do you save nodes that are not needed and replace them with nodes that are needed? Do you optimize performance vs. memory?
I understand that experiments along this line are given in Figure 2, with mixed results. The Figure i must say, is not very clear, but it is possible to interpret under careful inspection.
In some the non-parametric nets are doing better and others are doing worse than the parametric ones. Even in such case i could see the usefulness of the method as it helps discovering the structure. 
What i don't fully understand is why they can do better sometimes than the end net which could be trained from scratch: why is the nonparametric version of learning better than the parametric version, when the final net is known in advance? Could you give more insight?
2. Can you better discuss the meaning and implications of Theorem 1. I feel this theorem is just put there with no proper discussion. Beyond the proofs, from the Appendix, what is the key insight of the Theorem? What does it say, in plain English? To me, the conclusion seems almost natural and obvious. Is there some powerful insight? 
As i have mentioned previously, i feel this theoretical result deserves more space, with even more experiments to back it up. For example, can regularizer parameter lambda  be predicted given the data - is there a property in the data that can help guessing the right lambda? My feeling is that lambda is the key factor for determining the final net structure. Is this true? 
How much does the structure of the final net depend on the initialization? Do you get different nets if you start from different random weights? How different are they?
What happens when fan in and fan out regularizers are combined? Do you still have the same theoretical result?
I have a few additional questions:
1. Why do you say that adding zero units changes the regularizer value? For example, does L2 norm change if you add zero values?
2. Zero units are defined as having either the fan in or the fan out weights being zero. I think that what you meant is that both fan in and fan out weights are zero, otherwise you cannot remove the unit and keep the same output f. This should be clarified better I think.
I changed my rating to 7, while hoping that the authors will address my comments above.