This paper presents an approach for skills transfer from one task to another in a control setting (trained by RL) by forcing the embeddings learned on two different tasks to be close (L2 penalty). The experiments are conducted in MuJoCo, with a set of experiments being from the state of the joints/links (5.2/5.3) and a set of experiments on the pixels (5.4). They exhibit transfer from arms with different number of links, and from a torque-driven arm to a tendon-driven arm.
One limitation of the paper is that the authors suppose that time alignment is trivial, because the tasks are all episodic and in the same domain. Time alignment is one form of domain adaptation / transfer that is not dealt with in the paper, that could be dealt with through subsampling, dynamic time warping, or learning a matching function (e.g. neural network).
General remarks: The approach is compared to CCA, which is a relevant baseline. However, as the paper is purely experimental, another baseline (worse than CCA) would be to just have the random projections for "f" and "g" (the embedding functions on the two domains), to check that the bad performance of the "no transfer" version of the model is due to over-specialisation of these embeddings. I would also add (for information) that the problem of learning invariant feature spaces is also linked to metric learning (e.g. [Xing et al. 2002]). More generally, no parallel is drawn with multi-task learning in ML. In the case of knowledge transfer (4.1.1), it may make sense to anneal \alpha.
The experiments feel a bit rushed. In particular, the performance of the baseline being always 0 (no transfer at all) is uninformative, at least a much bigger sample budget should be tested. Also, why does Figure 7.b contain no "CCA" nor "direct mapping" results? Another concern that I have with the experiments: (if/how) did the author control for the fact that the embeddings were trained with more iterations in the case of doing transfer?
Overall, the study of transfer is most welcomed in RL. The experiments in this paper are interesting enough for publication, but the paper could have been more thorough.