This paper presents a succinct argument that the principle of optimizing receptive field location and size in a simulated eye that can make saccades with respect to a classification error of images of data whose labels depend on variable-size and variable-location subimages, explains the existence of a foveal area in e.g. the primate retina.
The argument could be improved by using more-realistic image data and drawing more direct correspondence with the number, receptive field sizes and eccentricities of retinal cells in e.g. the macaque, but the authors would then face the challenge of identifying a loss function that is both biologically plausible and supportive of their claim.
The argument could also be improved by commenting on the timescales involved. Presumably the density of the foveal center depends on the number of of saccades allowed by the inference process, as well as the size of the target sub-images, and also has an impact on the overall classification accuracy.
Why does the classification error rate of dataset 2 remain stubbornly at 24%? This seems so high that the model may not be working the way we'd like it to. It seems that the overall argument of the paper pre-supposes that the model can be trained to be a good classifier. If there are other training strategies or other models that work better and differently, then it raises the question of why do our eyes and visual cortex not work more like those ones if evolutionary pressures are applying the same pressure as our training objective.
Why does the model with zooming powers out-do the translation-only model on dataset 1 (where all target images are the same size) and tie the translation-only model dataset 2 (where the target images have different sizes, for which the zooming model should be tailor-made?). Between this strange tie and the high classification rate on Dataset 2, I wonder if maybe one or both models isn't being trained to its potential, which would undermine the overall claim.
Comparing this model to other attention models (e.g. spatial transformer networks, DRAW) would be irrelevant to what I take to be the main point of the paper, but it would address the potential concerns above that training just didn't go very well, or there was some problem with the model parameterization that could be easily fixed.