This paper presents an information theoretic framework for unsupervised learning. The framework relies on infomax principle, whose goal is to maximize the mutual information between input and output. The authors propose a two-step algorithm for learning in this setting. First, by leveraging an asymptotic approximation to the mutual information, the global objective is decoupled into two subgoals whose solutions can be expressed in closed form. Next, these serve as the initial guess for the global solution, and are refined by the gradient descent algorithm.
While the story of the paper and the derivations seem sound, the clarity and presentation of the material could improve. For example, instead of listing step by step derivation of each equation, it would be nice to first give a high-level presentation of the result and maybe explain briefly the derivation strategy. The very detailed aspects of derivations, which could obscure the underlying message of the result could perhaps be postponed to later sections or even moved to an appendix.
A few questions that the authors may want to clarify:
1. Page 4, last paragraph: "from above we know that maximizing I(X;R) will result in maximizing I(Y;R) and I(X,Y^U)". While I see the former holds due to equality in 2.20, the latter is related via a bound in 2.21. Due to the possible gap between I(X;R) and I(X,Y^U), can your claim that maximizing of the former indeed maximizes the latter be true?
2. Paragraph above section 2.2.2: it is stated that, dropout used to prevent overfitting may in fact be regarded as an attempt to reduce the rank of the weight matrix. No further tip is provided why this should be the case. Could you elaborate on that?
3. At the end of page 9: "we will discuss how to get optimal solution of C for two specific cases". If I understand correctly, you actually are not guaranteed to get the optimal solution of C in either case, and the best you can guarantee is reaching a local optimum. This is due to the nonconvexity of the constraint 2.80 (quadratic equality). If optimality cannot be guaranteed, please correct the wording accordingly.