Apologies for the late submission of this review, and thank you for the author's responses to earlier questions.
This submission proposes an improved implementation of the PixelCNN generative model. Most of the improvements are small and can be considered as specific technical details such as the use of dropout and skip connections, while others are slightly more substantial such as the use of a different likelihood model and multiscale analysis. The submission demonstrates state-of-the-art likelihood results on CIFAR-10.
My summary of the main contribution:
Autoregressive-type models - of which PixelCNN is an example - are a nice class of models as their likelihood can be evaluated in closed form. A main differentiator for this type of models is how the conditional likelihood of one pixel conditioned on its causal neighbourhood is modelled:
- In one line of work such as (Theis et al, 2012 MCGSM, Theis et al 2015 Spatial LSTM) the conditional distribution is modelled as a continuous density over real numbers. This approach has limitations: We know that in observed data pixel intensities are quantized to a discrete integer representation so a discrete distribution could give better likelihoods. Furthermore these continuous distributions have a tail and assign some probability mass outside the valid range of pixel intensities, which may hurt the likelihood.
- In more recent work by van den Oord and colleagues the conditional likelihood is modelled as an arbitrary discrete distribution over the 256 possible values for pixel intensities. This does not suffer from the limitations of continuous likelihoods, but it also seems wasteful and is not very data efficient.
The authors propose something in the middle by keeping the discretized nature of the conditional likelihood, but restricting the discrete distribution to ones whose CDF that can be modeled as a linear combination of sigmoids. This approach makes sense to me, and is new in a way, but it doesn't appear to be very revolutionary or significant to me.
The second somewhat significant modification is the use of downsampling and multiscale modelling (as opposed to dilated convolutions). The main motivation for the authors to do this is saving computation time while keeping the multiscale flexibility of the model. The authors also introduce shortcut connections to compensate for the potential loss of information as they perform downsampling. Again, I feel that this modification not particularly revolutionary. Multiscale image analysis with autoregressive generative models has been done for example in (Theis et al, 2012) and several other papers.
Overall I felt that this submission falls short on presenting substantially new ideas, and reads more like documentation for a particular implementation of an existing idea.