The authors propose a method to compress neural networks by retraining them while putting a mixture of Gaussians prior on the weights with learned means and variances which then can be used to compress the neural network by first setting all weights to the mean of their infered mixture component (resulting in a possible loss of precision) and storing the network in a format which saves only the fixture index and exploits the sparseness of the weights that was enforced in training.
Quality:
Of course it is a serious drawback that the method doesn't seem to work on VGG which would render the method unusable for production (as it is right now, maybe this can be improved). I guess AlexNet takes too long to process, too, otherwise this might be a very valuable addition.
In Figure 2 I am noticing two things: On the left, there is a large number of points with improved accuracy which is not the case for LeNet5-Caffe. Is there any intuition for why that's the case? Additionally regarding the spearmint optimization: Do they authors have found any clues about which hyperparameter settings worked well? This might be helpful for other people trying to apply this method.
I really like Figure 7 in it's latest version.
Clarity:
Especially section 2 on MDL is written very well and gives a nice theoretic introduction. Sections 4, 5 and 6 are very short but seem to contain most relevant information. It might be helpful to have at least some more details about the used models in the paper (maybe the number of layers and the number of parameters).
In 6.1 the authors claim "Even though most variances seem to be reasonable small there are some that are large". From figure 1 this is very hard to assess, especially as the vertical histogram essentially shows only the zero component. It might be helpful to have either a log histogram or separate histograms for each componenent. What are the large points in Figure 2 as opposed to the smaller ones? They seem to have a very good compression/accuracy loss ratio, is that it?
Some other points are listed below
originality: While there has been some work on compressing neural networks by using a reduced number of bits to store the parameters and exploiting sparsity structure, I like the idea to directly learn the quantization by means of a gaussian mixture prior in retraining which seems to be more principled than other approaches
significance: The method achievs state-of-the-art performance on the two shown examples on MNIST, however these networks are far from the deep networks used in state-of-the-art models. This obviously is a drawback for the practical usability of the methods and therefor it's significance. If the method could be made to work on more state-of-the-art networks like VGG or ResNet, I would consider this a contribution of high significance.
Minor issues:
page 1: There seems to be a space in front of the first author's name
page 3: "in this scenario, pi_0 may be fixed...". Missing backslash in TeX?
page 6: 6.2: two wrong blanks in "the number of components, \tau."
page 6, 6.3: "in experiences with VGG": In experiments?
page 12: "Figure C": Figure 7?