The authors propose a parameterization of CNNs that guarantees equivariance wrt a large family of geometric transformations.
The mathematical analysis is rigorous and the material is very interesting and novel. The paper overall reads well; there is a real effort to explain the math accessibly, though some small improvements could be made.
The theory is general enough to include continuous transformations, although the experiments are restricted to discrete ones. While this could be seen as a negative point, it is justified by the experiments, which show that this set of transformations is powerful enough to yield very good results on CIFAR.
Another form of intertwiner has been studied recently by Lenc & Vedaldi [1]; they have studied equivariance empirically in CNNs, which offers an orthogonal view.
In addition to the recent references on scale/rotation deep networks suggested below, geometric equivariance has been studied extensively in the 2000's; mentioning at least one work would be appropriate. The one that probably comes closest to the proposed method is the work by Reisert [2], who studied steerable filters for invariance and equivariance, using Lie group theory. The difference, of course, is that the focus at the time was on kernel machines rather than CNNs, but many of the tools and theorems are relatable.
Some of the notation could be simplified, to make the formulas easier to grasp on a first read:
Working over a lattice Z^d is unnecessarily abstract -- since the inputs are always images, Z^2 would make much of the later math easier to parse. Generalization is straightforward, so I don't think the results lose anything by it; and the authors go back to 2D latices later anyway.
It could be more natural to do away with the layer index l which appears throughout the paper, and have notation for current/next layer instead (e.g. pi and pi'; K and D instead of K{l+1} and Kl).
In any case I leave it up to the authors to decide whether to include these suggestions on notation, but I urge them to consider them (or other ways to unburden notation).
A few minor issues: Some statements would be better supported with an accompanying reference (e.g. "Explicit formulas exist" on page 5, the introduction of intertwiners on page 3). Finally, there is a tiny mistake in the Balduzzi & Ghifary reference (some extra information was included as an author name).
[1] Lenc & Vedaldi, "Understanding image representations by measuring their equivariance and equivalence", 2015
[2] Reisert, "Group integration techniques in pattern analysis: a kernel view", 2008