The paper presents an application of deep learning to genomic SNP data
with a comparison of possible approaches for dealing with the very
high data dimensionality. The approach looks very interesting but the
experiments are too limited to draw firm conclusions about the
strengths of different approaches. The presentation would benefit from
more precise math.
Quality:
The basic idea of the paper is interesting and the applied deep
learning methodology appears reasonable. The experimental evaluation
is rather weak as it only covers a single data set and a very limited
number of cross validation folds. Given the significant variation in
the performances of all the methods, it seems the differences between
the better-performing methods are probably not statistically
significant. More comprehensive empirical validation could clearly
strengthen the paper.
Clarity:
The writing is generally good both in terms of the biology and ML, but
more mathematical rigour would make it easier to understand precisely
what was done. The different architectures are explained on an
intuitive level and might benefit from a clear mathematical
definition. I was ultimately left unsure of what the "raw end2end"
model is - given so few parameters it cannot work on raw 300k
dimensional input but I could not figure out what kind of embedding
was used.
The results in Fig. 3 might be clearer if scaled so that maximum for
each class is 1 to avoid confounding from different numbers of
subjects in different classes. In the text, please use the standard
italics math font for all symbols such as N, N_d, ...
Originality:
The application and the approach appear quite novel.
Significance:
There is clearly strong interest for deep learning in the genomics
area and the paper seeks to address some of the major bottlenecks
here. It is too early to tell whether the specific techniques proposed
in the paper will be the ultimate solution, but at the very least the
paper provides interesting new ideas for others to work on.
Other comments:
I think releasing the code as promised would be a must.