This paper is about using Bayesian neural networks to model learning curves (that arise from training ML algorithms). The application is hyper-parameter optimization: if we can model the learning curve, we can terminate bad runs early and save time. The paper builds on existing work that used parametric learning curves. Here, the parameters of these learning curves form the last layer of a Bayesian neural network. This seems like a totally sensible idea. 
I think the main strength of this paper is that it addresses an actual need. Based on my personal experience, there is high demand for a working system to do early termination in hyperparameter optimization. What I'd like to know, which I wish I'd asked during pre-review questions, is whether the authors plan to release their code. Do you? I sincerely hope so, because I think the code would be a significant part of the paper's contribution, since the nature of the paper is more practical than conceptual.
The experiments in the paper seem thorough but the results are a bit underwhelming. I'm less interested in the part about whether the learning curves are actually modeled well, and more interested in the impact on hyperparameter optimization. I was hoping to see BIG speedups as a result of using this method, but I am left feeling unsure how big the speedup really is. Instead of "objective function vs. iterations" I would be more interested in the inverse plot: number of iterations needed to get to a fixed objective function value. Since what I'm really interested in is how much time I can save. Ideally there would also be some mention of real time as sometimes these hyperparameter optimization methods are themselves so slow that they end up being unusable. 
Finally, one figure that I feel is missing is a histogram of termination times over different runs. This would provide me with more intuition than all the other figures. Because it would tell me, what fraction of runs are being terminated early. And, how early? Right now I have no sense of this, except that at least some runs are clearly being terminated early, since this is neccessary for the proposed method to outperform other methods.
Overall, I think this paper merits acceptance because it is a solid effort on an interesting problem. The progress is fairly incremental but I can live with that.