This work introduces a number of techniques to compress fully-connected neural networks while maintaining similar performance, including a density-diversity penalty and associated training algorithm. The core technique of this paper is to explicitly penalize both the overall magnitude of the weights as well as diversity between weights. This approach results in sparse weight matrices comprised of relatively few unique values. Despite introducing a more efficient means of computing the gradient with respect to the diversity penalty, the authors still find it necessary to apply the penalty with some low probability (1-5%) per mini-batch.
The approach achieves impressive compression of fully connected layers with relatively little loss of accuracy. I wonder if the cost of having to sort weights (even for only 1 or 2 out of 100 mini-batches) might make this method intractable for larger networks. Perhaps the sparsity could help remove some of this cost?
I think the biggest fault this paper has is the number of different things going on in the approach that are not well explored independently. Sparse initialization, weight tying, probabilistic application of density-diversity penalty and setting the mode to 0, and alternating schedule between weight tied standard training and diversity penalty training. The authors don't provide enough discussion of the relative importance of these parts. Furthermore, the only quantitative metric shown is the compression rate which is a function of both sparsity and diversity such that they cannot be compared on their own. I would really like to see how each component of the algorithm affects diversity, sparsity, and overall compression. 
A quick verification: Section 3.1 claims the density-diversity penalty is applied with a fixed probability per batch while 3.4 implies structured phases alternating between application of density-diversity and weight tied standard cross entropy. Is this scheme in 3.4 only applying the density-diversity penalty probabilistically when it is in the density-diversity phase?
Preliminary rating:
I think this is an interesting paper but lacks sufficient empirical evaluation of its many components. As a result, the algorithm has the appearance of a collection of tricks that in the end result in good performance without fully explaining why it is effective.
Minor notes:
Please resize equation 4 to fit within the margins (\resizebox{\columnwidth}{!}{ blah } works well in latex for this)