Summary:
This paper describes how to estimate log-likelihoods of currently popular decoder-based generative models using annealed importance sampling (AIS) and HMC. It validates the method using bidirectional Monte Carlo on the example of MNIST, and compares the performance of GANs and VAEs.
Review:
Although this seems like a fairly straight-forward application of AIS to me (correct me if I missed an important trick to make this work), I very much appreciate the educational value and empirical contributions of this paper. It should lead to clarity in debates around the density estimation performance of GANs, and should enable more people to use AIS.
Space permitting, it might be a good idea to try to expand the description of AIS. All the components of AIS are mentioned and a basic description of the algorithm is given, but the paper doesn't explain well "why" the algorithm does what it does/why it works.
I was initially confused by the widely different numbers in Figure 2. On first glance my expectation was that this Figure is comparing GAN, GMMN and IWAE (because of the labeling at the bottom and because of the leading words in the caption's descriptions). Perhaps mention in the caption that (a) and (b) use continuous MNIST and (c) uses discrete MNIST. "GMMN-50" should probably be "GMMN-10".
Using reconstructions for evaluation of models may be a necessary but is not sufficient condition for a good model. Depending on the likelihood, a posterior sample might have very low density under the prior, for example. It would be great if the authors could point out and discuss the limitations of this test a bit more.
Minor:
Perhaps add a reference to MacKay's density networks (MacKay, 1995) for decoder-based generative models.
In Section 2.2, the authors write "the prior over z can be drastically different than the true posterior p(z|x), especially in high dimension". I think the flow of the paper could be improved here, especially for people less familiar with importance sampling/AIS. I don't think the relevance of the posterior for importance sampling is clear at this point in the paper.
In Section 2.3 the authors claim that is often more "meaningful" to estimate p(x) in log-space because of underflow problems. "Meaningful" seems like the wrong word here. Perhaps revise to say that it's more practical to estimate log p(x) because of underflow problems, or to say that it's more meaningful to estimate log p(x) because of its connection to compression/surprise/entropy.