Paper proposes a neural physics engine (NPE). NPE provides a factorization of physical scene into composable object-based representations. NPE predicts a future state of the given object as a function composition of the pairwise interactions between itself and near-by objects. This has a nice physical interpretation of forces being additive. In the paper NPE is investigated in the context of 2D worlds with balls and obstacles. 
Overall the approach is interesting and has an interesting flavor of combining neural networks with basic properties of physics. Overall, it seems like it may lead to interesting and significant follow up work in the field. The concerns with the paper is mainly with evaluation, which in places appears to be weak (see below). 
> Significance & Originality:
The approach is interesting. While other methods have tried to build models that can deal with physical predictions, the idea of summing over pair-wise terms, to the best of my knowledge, is novel and much more in-line with the underlying principles of mechanics. As such, while relatively simple, it seems to be an important contribution. 
> Clarity:
The paper is generally well written. However, large portion of the early introduction is rather abstract and it is difficult to parse until one gets to 5th paragraph. I would suggest editing the early part of introduction to include more specifics about the approach or even examples ... to make text more tangible.
> Experiments
Generally there are two issues with experiments in my opinion: (1) the added indirect comparison with Fragkiadaki et al (2015) does not appears to be quantitatively flattering with respect to the proposed approach, and (2) quantitative experiments on the role the size of the mask has on performance should really be added. Authors mention that they observe that mask is helpful, but it is not clear how helpful or how sensitive the overall performance is to this parameter. This experiment should really be added.
I do feel that despite few mentioned shortcomings that would make the paper stronger, this is an interesting paper and should be published.