Authors' response well answered my questions. Thanks!
Evaluation not changed.
This paper proposes a hierarchical framework of transfer learning for sequence tagging, which is expected to help the target task with the source task, by sharing as many levels of representation as possible. It is a general framework for various neural models. The paper has extensive and solid experiments, and the performance is competitive with the state of the art on multiple benchmark datasets. The framework is clear by itself, except that more details about training procedure, i.e. sec-3.3, need to be added. 
The experimental results show that for some task pairs {s,t}, this framework can help low-resource target task t, and the improvement increases with more levels of representations can be shared. Firstly, I suggest that the terms source and target should be more precisely defined in the current framework, because, due to Sec-3.3, the s and t in each pair are sort of interchangeable. That is, either of them can be the source or target task, especially when p(X=s)=p(X=t)=0.5 is used in the task sampling. The difference is: one is low-resourced and the other is not. Thus it could be thought of as multi-tasking between tasks with imbalanced resource. So one question is: does this framework simultaneously help both tasks in the pair, by learning more generalizable representations for different domains/applications/languages? Or is it mostly likely to only help the low-resourced one? Does it come with sacrifice on the high-resourced side? 
Secondly, as the paper shows that the low-resourced tasks are improved for the selected task pairs, it would also be interesting and helpful to know how often this could happen. That is, when the tasks are randomly paired (one chosen from a low-resource pool and the other from a high resource pool), how often could this framework help the low-resourced one?
Moreover, the choice of T-A/T-B/T-C lies intuitively in how many levels of representation could be shared as possible. This implicitly assumes share more, help more. Although I tend to believe so, it would be interesting to have some empirical comparison. For example, one could perhaps select some cross-domain pair, and see if T-A > T-B > T-C on such pairs, as mentioned in the author's answer to the pre-review question. 
In general, I think this is a solid paper, and more exploration could be done in this direction. So I tend to accept this paper.