Summary: The paper proposes a novel deep neural network architecture for the task of question answering on the SQuAD dataset. The model consists of two main components -- coattention encoder and dynamic pointer decoder. The encoder produces attention over the question as well as over the document in parallel and thus learns co-dependent representations of the question and the document. The decoder predicts the starting and the end token of the answer iteratively, with the motivation that multiple iterations will help the model escape local maxima and thus will reduce the errors made by the model. The proposed model achieved state-of-art result on SQuAD dataset at the time of writing the paper. The paper reports some analyses of the results such as performance across question types, document, question, answer lengths, etc. The paper also performs some ablation studies such as performing only single round of iteration on decoder, etc.
Strengths:
1. The paper is well-motivated with two main motivations -- co-attending to the document and the question, and iteratively producing the answer.
2. The proposed model architecture is novel and the design choices made seem reasonable.
3. The experiments show that the proposed model outperforms the existing model (at the time of writing the paper) on the SQuAD dataset by significant margin.
4. The analyses of the results and the ablation studies performed (as per someone's request) provide insights into the various modelling design choices made.
Weaknesses/Questions/Suggestions:
1. In order to gain insights into how much each additional iteration in the decoder help, I would like to see the following -- for every iteration report the mean F1 for questions that converged in that iteration along with the number of questions that converged in that iteration.
2. Example of Question 3 in figure 5 is an interesting example where the model is unable to decide between multiple local maxima despite several iterations. Could authors please report how often this happens?
3. In order to estimate how much modelling of attention in the encoder helps, it would be good if authors could report the performance of the model when attention is not modeled at all in the encoder (neither over question, nor over document).
4. I would like to see the variation in the performance of the proposed model for questions that require different types of reasoning (table 3 in SQuAD paper). This would provide insights into what are the strengths and weaknesses of the proposed model w.r.t the type reasoning required.
5. In Wang and Jiang (2016), the attention is predicted over question for each word in the document. But in table 2, when performing ablation study to make the proposed model similar to Wang and Jiang, C^D is set to C^Q. But isn't C^Q attention over document for each word in the question? So, how is this similar to Wang and Jiang's attention? I think QA^D will be similar to Wang and Jiang's attention since QA^D is attention over question for each word in the document. Please clarify.
6. In section 2.1, "n" and "m" are swapped when explaining the Document and Question encoding matrix. Please fix it.
Review Summary: The paper presents a novel and interesting model for the task of question answering on SQuAD dataset and shows that the model outperforms existing models. However, to gain more insights into the functioning of the model, I would like see more analyses of the results and one more ablation study (see weaknesses section above).