This paper introduces an approach to reinforcement learning and control wherein, rather than training a single controller to perform a task, a metacontroller with access to a base-level controller and a number of accessory « experts » is utilized. The job of the metacontroller is to decide how many times to call the controller and the experts, and which expert to invoke at which iteration. (The controller is a bit special in that in addition to being provided the current state, it is given a summary of the history of previous calls to itself and previous experts.) The sequence of controls and expert advice is embedded into a fixed-size vector through an LSTM. The method is tested on an N-body  control task, where it is shown that there are benefits to multiple iterations (« pondering ») even for simple experts, and that the metacontroller can deliver accuracy and computational cost benefits over fixed-iteration controls.
The paper is in general well written, and reasonably easy to follow. As the authors note, the topic of metareasoning has been studied to some extent in AI, but its use as a differentiable and fully trainable component within an RL system appears new. At this stage, it is difficult to evaluate the impact of this kind of approach: the overall model architecture is intriguing and probably merits publication, but whether and how this will scale to other domains remains the subject of future work. The experimental validation is interesting and well carried out, but remains of limited scope. Moreover, given such a complex architecture, there should be a discussion of the training difficulties and convergence issues, if any.
Here are a few specific comments, questions and suggestions:
1) in Figure 1A, the meaning of the graphical language should be explained. For instance, there are arrows of different thickness and line style — do these mean different things? 
2) in Figure 3, the caption should better explain the contents of the figure. For example, what do the colours of the different lines refer to? Also, in the top row, there are dots and error bars that are given, but this is explained only in the « bottom row » part. This makes understanding this figure difficult.
3) in Figure 4, the shaded area represents a 95% confidence interval on the regression line; in addition, it would be helpful to give a standard error on the regression slope (to verify that it excludes zero, i.e. the slope is significant), as well as a fraction of explained variance (R^2). 
4) in Figure 5, the fraction of samples using the MLP expert does not appear to decrease monotonically with the increasing cost of the MLP expert (i.e. the bottom left part of the right plot, with a few red-shaded boxes). Why is that? Is there lots of variance in these fractions from experiment to experiment?
5) the supplementary materials are very helpful. Thank you for all these details.