This paper presents Hyperband, a method for hyperparameter optimization where the model is trained by gradient descent or some other iterative scheme. The paper builds on the successive halving + random search approach of Jamieson and Talwalkar and addresses the tradeoff between training fewer models for a longer amount of time, or many models for a shorter amount of time. Effectively, the idea is to perform multiple rounds of successive halving, starting from the most exploratory setting, and then in each round exponentially decreasing the number of experiments, but granting them exponentially more resources. In contrast to other recent papers on this topic, the approach here does not rely on any specific model of the underlying learning curves and therefore makes fewer assumptions about the nature of the model. The results seem to show that this approach can be highly effective, often providing several factors of speedup over sequential approaches.
Overall I think this paper is a good contribution to the hyperparameter optimization literature. It's relatively simple to implement, and seems to be quite effective for many problems. It seems like a natural extension of the random search methodology to the case of early stopping. To me, it seems like Hyperband would be most useful on problems where a) random search itself is expected to perform well and b) the computational budget is sufficiently constrained so that squeezing out the absolute best performance is not feasible and near-optimal performance is sufficient. I would personally like to see the plots in Figure 3 run out far enough that the other methods have had time to converge in order to see what this gap between optimal and near-optimal really is (if there is one).
I'm not sure I agree with the use of random2x as a baseline. I can see why it's a useful comparison because it demonstrates the benefit of parallelism over sequential methods, but virtually all of these other methods also have parallel extensions. I think if random2x is shown, then I would also like to see SMAC2x, Spearmint2x, TPE2x, etc. I also think it would be worth seeing 3x, 10x, and so forth and how Hyperband fares against these baselines.