[UPDATE]
After going through the response from the author and the revision, I increased my review score for two reasons.
1. I thank the reviewers for further investigating the difference between yours and the other work (Scheduled sampling, Unsupervised learning using LSTM) and providing some insights about it.
This paper at least shows empirically that 100%-Pred scheme is better for high-dimensional video and for long-term predictions.
It would be good if the authors briefly discuss this in the final revision (either in the appendix or in the main text).
2. The revised paper contains more comprehensive results than before.
The presented result and discussion in this paper will be quite useful to the research community as high-dimensional video prediction involves large-scale experiments that are computationally expensive.
- Summary
This paper presents a new RNN architecture for action-conditional future prediction. The proposed architecture combines actions into the recurrent connection of the LSTM core, which performs better than the previous state-of-the-art architecture [Oh et al.]. The paper also explores and compares different architectures such as frame-dependent/independent mode and observation/prediction-dependent architectures. The experimental result shows that the proposed architecture with fully prediction-dependent training scheme achieves the state-of-the-art performance on several complex visual domains. It is also shown that the proposed prediction architecture can be used to improve exploration in a 3D environment.
- Novelty
The novelty of the proposed architecture is not strong. The difference between [Oh et al.] and this work is that actions are combined into the LSTM in this paper, while actions are combined after LSTM in [Oh et al.]. The jumpy prediction was already introduced by [Srivastava et al.] in the deep learning area. 
- Experiment
The experiments are well-designed and thorough. Specifically, the paper evaluates different training schemes and compares different architectures using several rich domains (Atari, 3D worlds). Besides, the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art results on many domains and presents an application for model-based exploration.
- Clarity
The paper is well-written and easy to follow.
- Overall 
Although the proposed architecture is not much novel, it achieves promising results on Atari games and 3D environments. In addition, the systematic evaluation of different architectures presented in the paper would be useful to the community.
[Reference]
Nitish Srivastava, Elman Mansimov, Ruslan Salakhutdinov. Unsupervised Learning with LSTMs. ICML 2016.