This paper proposes an approach to learning word vector representations for character sequences and acoustic spans jointly. The paper is clearly written and both the approach and experiments seem reasonable in terms of execution. The motivation and tasks feel a bit synthetic as it requires acoustics spans for words that have already been segmented from continuous speech - - a major assumption. The evaluation tasks feel a bit synthetic overall and in particular when evaluating character based comparisons it seems there should also be phoneme based comparisons.
There's a lot of discussion of character edit distance relative to acoustic span similarity. It seems very natural to also include phoneme string edit distance in this discussion and experiments. This is especially true of the word similarity test. Rather than only looking at levenshtein edit distance of characters you should evaluate edit distance of the phone strings relative to the acoustic embedding distances. Beyond the evaluation task the paper would be more interesting if you compared character embeddings with phone string embeddings. I believe the last function could remain identical it's just swapping out characters for phones as the symbol set.  finally in this topic the discussion and experiments should look at homophones As if not obvious what the network would learn to handle these.
 the vocabulary size and training data amount make this really a toy problem. although there are many pairs constructed most of those pairs will be easy distinctions. the experiments and conclusions would be far stronger with a larger vocabulary and word segment data set with subsampling all pairs perhaps biased towards more difficult or similar pairs.
 it seems this approach is unable to address the task of keyword spotting in longer spoken utterances. If that's the case please add some discussion as to why you are solving the problem of word embeddings given existing word segmentations. The motivating example of using this approach to retrieve words seems flawed if a recognizer must be used to segment words beforehand