The paper introduces a new dataset called MusicNet (presumably analogous to ImageNet), featuring dense ground truth labels for 30+ hours of classical music, which is provided as raw audio. Such a dataset is extremely valuable for music information retrieval (MIR) research and a dataset of this size has never before been publicly available. It has the potential to dramatically increase the impact of modern machine learning techniques (e.g. deep learning) in this field, whose adoption has previously been hampered by a lack of available datasets that are large enough. The paper is clear and well-written.
The paper also features some "example" experiments using the dataset, which I am somewhat less excited about. The authors decided to focus on one single task that is not particularly challenging: identifying pitches in isolated segments of audio. Pitch information is a fairly low-level characteristic of music. Considering that isolated fragments are used as input, this is a relatively simple problem that probably doesn't even require machine learning to solve adequately, e.g. peak picking on a spectral representation could already get you pretty far. It's not clear what value the machine learning component in the proposed approach actually adds, if any. I could be wrong about this as I haven't done the comparison myself, but I think the burden is on the authors to demonstrate that using ML here is actually useful.
I would argue that one of the strenghts of the dataset is the variety of label information it provides, so a much more convincing setup would have been to demonstrate many different prediction tasks for both low-level (e.g. pitch, onsets) and high-level (e.g. composer) characteristics, perhaps with fewer and simpler models -- maybe even sticking to spectrogram input and forgoing raw audio input for the time being, as this comparison seems orthogonal to the introduction of the dataset itself. As it stands, I feel that the fact that the experiments are relatively uninteresting detracts from the main point of the paper, which is to introduce a new public dataset that is truly unique in terms of its scale and scope.
That said, the experiments seem to have been conducted in a rigorous fashion and the evaluation and analysis of the resulting models is properly executed.
Re: Section 4.5, it is rather unsurprising to me that a pitch detector would learn filters that resemble pitches (i.e. sinusoids), although the observation that this requires a relatively large amount of data is interesting. However, it would be more interesting to demonstrate that this is also the case for higher-level tasks. The authors favourably compare the features learnt by their model with prior work on end-to-end learning from raw audio, but neglect that the tasks considered in this work were much more high-level.
Some might also question whether ICLR is the appropriate venue to introduce a new dataset, but personally I think it's a great idea to submit it here, seeing as it will reach the right people. I suppose this is up to the organisers and the program committee, but I thought it important to mention this, because I don't think this paper merits acceptance based on its experimental results alone.