The authors present results on a number of different tasks where the goal is to determine whether a given test example is out-of-domain or likely to be mis-classified. This is accomplished by examining statistics for the softmax probability for the most likely class; although the score by itself is not a particularly good measure of confidence, the statistics for out-of-domain examples are different enough from in-domain examples to allow these to be identified with some certainty. 
My comments appear below:
1. As the authors point out, the AUROC/AUPR criterion is threshold independent. As a result, it is not obvious whether the thresholds that would correspond to a certain operating point (say a true positive rate of 10%) would be similar across different data sets. In other words, it would be interesting to know how sensitive the thresholds are to different test sets (or different splits of the test set). This is important if we want to use the thresholds determined on a given held-out set during evaluation on unseen data (where we would need to select a threshold).
2. Performance is reported in terms of AUROC/AUPR and models are compared against a random baseline. I think it's a little hard to look at the differences in AUC/AUPR to get a sense for how much better the proposed classifier is than the random baseline. It would be useful, for example, if the authors could also report how strongly statistically significant some of these differences are (although admittedly they look to be pretty large in most cases).
3. In the experiments on speech recognition presented in Section 3.3, I was not entirely clear on how the model was evaluated. In Table 9, for example, is an "example" the entire utterance or just a single (stacked?) speech frame. Assuming that each "example" is an utterance, are the softmax probabilities the probability of the entire phone sequence (obtained by multiplying the local probability estimates from a Viterbi decoding?)
4. I'm curious about the decision to ignore the blank symbol's logit in Section 3.3. Why is this required?
5. As I mentioned in the pre-review question, at least in the speech recognition case, it would have been interesting to compare performance obtained using a simple generative baseline (e.g., GMM-HMM). I think that would serve as a good indication of the ability of the proposed model to detect out-of-domain examples over the baseline.