This paper introduces an approach for model-based control of stochastic dynamical systems with policy search, based on (1) learning the stochastic dynamics of the underlying system with a Bayesian deep neural network (BNN) that allows some of its inputs to be stochastic, and (2) a policy optimization method based on simulated rollouts from the learned dynamics. BNN training is carried out using \alpha-divergence minimization, the specific form of which was introduced in previous work by the authors. Validation and comparison of the approach is undertaken on a simulated domain, as well as real-world scenarios. 
The paper is tightly written, and easy to follow. Its approach to fitting Bayesian neural networks with \alpha divergence is interesting and appears novel in this context. The resulting application to model-based control appears to have significant practical impact, particularly in light of the explainability that a system model can bring to specific decisions made by the policy. As such, I think that the paper brings a valuable contribution to the literature.
That said, I have a few questions and suggestions:
1) In section 2.2, it should be explained how the random z_n input is used by the neural network: is it just concatenated to the other inputs and used as-is, or is there a special treatment?
2) Moreover, much case is made for the need to have stochastic inputs, but only a scalar input seems to be provided throughout. Is this enough? How computationally difficult would providing stochastic inputs of higher dimensionality be?
3) How important is the normality assumption in z_n? How is the variance \gamma established?
4) It is mentioned that the hidden layers of the neural network are made of rectifiers, but no further utilization of this fact is made in the paper. Is this assumption somehow important in the optimization of the alpha-divergence (beyond what we know about rectifiers to mitigate the vanishing gradient problem) ?
5) Equation (3), denominator \mathbf{y} should be \mathbf{Y} ?
6) Section 2.3: it would be helpful to have an overview or discussion of the computational complexity of training BNNs, to understand whether and when they can practicably be used.
7) Between eq (12) and (13), a citation to the statement of the time embedding theorem would be helpful, as well as an indication of how the embedding dimension should be chosen.
8) Figure 1: the subplots should have the letters by which they are referenced in the text on p. 7.
9) In section 4.2.1, it is not clear if the gas turbine data is publicly available, and if so where. In addition more details should be provided, such as the dimensionality of the variables Et, Nt and A_t.
10) Perhaps the comparisons with Gaussian processes should include variants that support stochastic inputs, such as Girard et al. (2003), to provide some of the same modelling capabilities as what's made use of here. At least, this strand of work should be mentioned in Section 5.
References:
Girard, A., Rasmussen, C. E., Quiñonero Candela, J., & Murray Smith, R. (2003). Gaussian process priors with uncertain inputs-application to multiple-step ahead time series forecasting. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 545-552.