As discussed, the there are multiple concurrent contributions in different packages/submission by the authors that are in parts difficult to disentangle.
Despite this fact, it is impressive to see a system learning from natural feedback in an online fashion. To the best of my knowledge, this is a new quality of result that was achieved - in particular as close to full supervision results are reached in some cases in this less constraint setting.
several points were raised that were in turn addressed by the authors:
1. formalisation of the task (learning dialogue) is not precise. when can we declare success? 
The answer of the authors is partially satisfying. For this particular work, it might make sense to more precisely set goals e.g. to be as good as full supervision.
2. (along the line of the previous question:) dialogue can be seen as a form of noisy supervision. can you please report the classic supervision baselines for the particular model used? this would give a sense what fraction of the best case performance is achieved via dialogue learning.
The authors provided additional information along those lines - and I think this helps to understand how much of the overall goal was achieved and open challenges.
3. is there an understanding of how much more difficult the MT setting is? feedback could be hand labeled as positive or negative for an analysis (?). or a handcrafted baseline could be tested, that either extracts the reward via template matching … or maybe even uses the length of the feedback as a proxy/baseline. (it looks to me that short feedback is highly correlated with high reward / correct answer (?))
The authors replied - but it would have been clearer if they could have quantified such suggested baseline, in order to confirm that there is no simple handcrafted baseline that would do well on the data - but these concerns are marginal.
4. relation to prior work Weston'16 is not fully clear. I understand that this submission should be understood as an independent submission of the prior work Weston'16 - and not replacing it. In this case Weston'16 makes this submission appear more incremental. my understanding is that the punch line of this submission is the online part that leads in turn to more exploration. Is there any analysis on how much this aspect matters? I couldn't find this in the experiments.
The authors clarified the raised issues. The application of reinforcement learning and in particular FP is convincing.
There is a incremental nature to the paper - and the impression is emphasised by multiple concurrent contributions of the authors on this research thread. Comparison to prior work (in particular Weston'16), should be made more explicit. Not only in text but also in the experiments - as the authors partially do in their reply to the reviewers question. Nevertheless, this particular contribution is assessed as significant and worth sharing and seems likely to have impact on how we can learn in these less constraint setting.