This paper builds on the work of Weston (2016), using End-to-end memory network models for a limited form of dialogue with teacher feedback. As the authors state in the comments, it is closely related to the question answering problem with the exception that a teacher provides a response after the model's answer, which does not always come with a positive reward. Thus, the model must learn to use the teacher's feedback to significantly improve performance.
Overall, the paper is written clearly, and several interesting models are tested. It is certainly only a limited form of dialogue that is considered (closer to question answering, since the questions do not require the agent to look further back into the context), but investigating in this direction could prove fruitful once the tasks are scaled up to be more difficult.
My main concern is with the paper`s novelty. In the words of the authors, this paper has two primary differences with the work of Weston:
"(i) That earlier work did not use the natural reinforcement learning/online setting, but "cheated" with a fixed policy given in advance. It is important to address the realistic online setting and assess whether the methods, particularly FP, still work, or else what changes (e.g. exploration, balancing, see Fig 4 and Table 1) are needed. (ii) That earlier work had only simulated data, and no real-language data, so was only toy. This work uses Mechanical Turk to do real experiments, which again is important to assess if these methods, particularly FP, work on real language."
Point (ii) is very much appreciated, but adding additional human testing data is not sufficient for a conference paper. Thus, the main point of the paper is that "the model also works if we collect the data online (i.e. the agent's policy is used to collect data rather than a fixed policy beforehand)". While this is a step in the right direction, I'm not sure if it's significant enough for an ICLR paper. Little model novelty is required to solve this additional requirement on these tasks beyond using epsilon greedy exploration. Thus, the paper is borderline accept/reject. 
EDIT: I have updated my score slightly in light of the author's response, where they make a good point that real-world implementation should be more strongly considered as part of the contribution.