The goal of this paper is to analyze the behaviour of dialogue agents when they must answer factoid questions, but must query an oracle for additional information. This can be interpreted as a form of interaction between the dialogue agent and a 'teacher'.
The problem under investigation is indeed very important. The authors create a synthetic environment in which to test their agent. The main strength of the paper is that the paper tests many different combinations of environments, where either some knowledge is missing (and the agent has to query for it), or there is some misspelling in the teacher's question, and different ways the agent can ask for extra information. 
I am a bit concerned that many of the tasks are too easy (e.g. the AQ question paraphrase), and I am also concerned that the environment presented is very limited, and quite far (in terms of richness of linguistic structure) from how real humans would interact with chatbots. I think the paper would be better positioned as testing the basic reasoning capabilities of agents/ their ability to do question answering, rather than dialogue. However, I think the 'ground-up' approach that starts with simple environments is indeed worthy of analysis, and this paper makes an interesting contribution in that direction. Of course, the paper would be much more convincing with human experiments. 
Additional notes:
I think the simulation, in the synthetic environment, for the first mistake a learner can make during dialogue: "the learner has problems understanding the surface form of the text of the dialogue partner, e.g., the phrasing of a question", is particularly limited since only word misspellings are considered (and the models used don't work at the character level), which is of course only a tiny fraction of ways an agent can misunderstand the context. I would be particularly interested to see some discussion of how the authors plan to scale this up to more realistic settings.
EDIT: I have updated my score to reflect the addition of the Mechanical Turk experiments