This paper introduces an energy-based Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and provides theoretical and empirical results modeling a number of image datasets (including large-scale versions of categories of ImageNet). As far as I know energy-based GANs (EBGAN) were introduced in Kim and Bengio (2016), but the proposed version makes a number of different design choices. 
First, it does away with the entropy regularization term that Kim and Bengio (2016) introduced to ensure that the GAN discriminator converged to an energy function proportional to the log density of the data (at optimum). This implies that the discriminator in the proposed scheme will become uniform at convergence as discussed in the theoretical section of the paper, however the introductory text seems to imply otherwise -- that one could recover a meaningful score function from the trained energy-function (discriminator). This should be clarified. 
Second, this version of the EBGAN setting includes two innovations: (1) the introduction of the hinge loss in the value function, and (2) the use of an auto-encoder parametrization for the energy function. These innovations are not empirically justified in any way - this is disappointing, as it would be really good to see empirical results supporting the arguments made in support of their introduction. 
The two significant contributions of this paper are the theoretical analysis of the energy-baesd GAN formalism (showing that the optimum corresponds to a Nash equilibrium) and the impressive empirical results on large images that set a new standard in what straight GAN-style models can achieve.
The theoretical results seem solid to me and make a nice contribution.
Regarding the quantitative results in Table 2, it seems not appropriate to bold the EBGAN line when it seems to be statistically indistinguishable form the Rasmus et al (2015) results. Though it is not mentioned here, the use of bold typically indicates the state-of-the-art. 
I think this paper could be be much stronger if the two novel contributions to the energy-based GAN setting were more thoroughly explored with ablation experiments. That being said, I think this paper has already become a contribution other are building on (including at least two other ICLR submissions) and so I think it should be accepted for publication at ICLR.