Overview: 
This paper introduces a biasing term for SGD that, in theoretical results and a toy example, yields solutions with an approximately equal or lower generalization error. This comes at a computational cost of estimating the gradient of the biasing term for each iteration through stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics, approximating an MCMC sample of the log partition function of a modified Gibbs distribution. The cost is equivalent to adding an inner for-loop to the standard SGD algorithm for each minibatch.
Pros:
- Reviews and distills many results and theorems from past 2 decades that suggest a promising way forward for increasing the generalizability of deep neural networks
- Generally very well written and well presented results, with interesting discussion of eigenvalues of Hessian as a way to characterize "flat" minima
- Promising mathematical arguments suggest that E-SGD has generalization error bounded below by SGD, motivating further research in the area
Cons / points suggested for a rebuttal:
(1) One claim of the paper given in the abstract is "experiments on competitive baselines demonstrate that Entropy-SGD leads to improved generalization and has the potential to accelerate training." This does not appear to be supported by the current set of experiments. As the authors comment in the discussion section, "In our experiments, Entropy-SGD results in a comparable generalization error as SGD, but always has a lower cross-entropy loss." It's not clear to me how to reconcile those two claims.
(2) Similarly, the claim of accelerated training is not convincingly supported in the present version of the paper. Vanilla SGD requires a single forward pass through all M minibatches during one epoch for a parameter update, but the new method, E-SGD requires, L*M forward passes during one epoch where L is the number of Langevin updates, which require a minibatch sample each. This could in fact mean that E-SGD has worse computational complexity to reach the same point. In a remark on p.9, the authors note that a single epoch is defined to be "the number of parameter updates required to run through the dataset once." It's not clear to me how this answers the objection to a factor of L additional computations required for the inner-loop SGLD iterations. SGLD appears to introduces a potentially costly tradeoff that must be carefully managed by a user of E-SGD.
(3) As the previous two points suggest, the paper could use some attention to the magnitude of the claims. For example, the introduction reads "Actively biasing towards wide valleys aids generalization, in fact, we can optimize solely the free energy term to obtain similar generalization error as SGD on the original loss function." According the the values reported on pp.9-10, only on MNIST is the generalization error, using only the free energy term (the log partition function of the modified Gibbs distribution), equivalent to using only the SGD loss function. This corresponds to setting rho to 0 in equation (6). On CIFAR-10, rho = 0.01 is used.
(4) Another contribution of this paper, the characterization of the optimization landscape in terms of the eigenvalues of the Hessian and low generalization error being associated with flat local extrema, is helpful and interesting. I found the plots clear and useful. As another reviewer has already pointed out, there are high-level similarities to "Flat Minima" by Hochreiter and Schmidhuber (1997). The authors have responded already by adding a paragraph that helpfully explores some differences with H&S 1997. However, the similarities should also be carefully identified and mentioned. H&S 1997 includes detailed theoretical analysis that could be helpful for future work in this area, and has independently discovered a similar approach to training generalizable networks.
(5) It's not clear how the assumption about the eigenvalues that were made in section 4.4 / Appendix B affect the application of this result to real-world problems. What magnitude of c>0 needs to be chosen? Does this correspond to a measurable characteristic of the dataset? It's a little mysterious in the current version of the paper.