This paper proposes a novel neural network compression technique.
The goal is to compress maximally the network specification via parameter quantisation with a minimum impact on the expected loss.
It assumes pruning of the network parameters has already been performed, and only considers the quantisation of the individual scalar parameters of the network.
In contrast to previous work (Han et al. 2015a, Gong et al. 2014) the proposed approach takes into account the effect of the weight quantisation on the loss function that is used to train the network, and also takes into account the effect on a variable-length binary encoding of the cluster centers used for the quantisation. 
Unfortunately, the submitted paper is 20 pages, rather than the 8 recommended. The length of the paper seems unjustified to me, since the first three sections (first five pages) are very generic and redundant can be largely compressed or skipped (including figures 1 and 2). Although not a strict requirement by the submission guidelines, I would suggest the authors to compress their paper to 8 pages, this will improve the readability of the paper.
To take into account the impact on the network's loss the authors propose to use a second order approximation of the cost function of the loss. In the case of weights that originally constitute a local minimum of the loss, this leads to a formulation of the impact of the weight quantization on the loss in terms of a weighted k-means clustering objective, where the weights are derived from the hessian of the loss function at the original weights.
The hessian can be computed efficiently using a back-propagation algorithm similar to that used to compute the gradient, as shown in cited work from the literature. 
The authors also propose to alternatively use a second-order moment term used by the Adam optimisation algorithm, since it can be loosely interpreted as an approximate Hessian. 
In section 4.5 the authors argue that with their approach it is more natural to quantise weights across all layers together, due to the hessian weighting which takes into account the variable impact across layers of quantisation errors on the network performance. 
The last statement in this section, however, was not clear to me: 
"In such deep neural networks, quantising network parameters of all layers together is more efficient since optimizing layer-by-layer clustering jointly across all layers requires exponential time complexity with respect to the number of layers."
Perhaps the authors could elaborate a bit more on this point?
In section 5 the authors develop methods to take into account the code length of the weight quantisation in the clustering process. 
The first method described by the authors (based on previous work), is uniform quantisation of the weight space, which is then further optimised by their hessian-weighted clustering procedure from section 4. 
For the case of nonuniform codeword lengths to encode the cluster indices, the authors develop a modification of the Hessian weighted k-means algorithm in which the code length of each cluster is also taken into account, weighted by a factor lambda. Different values of lambda give rise to different compression-accuracy trade-offs, and the authors propose to cluster weights for a variety of lambda values and then pick the most accurate solution obtained, given a certain compression budget.  
In section 6 the authors report a number of experimental results that were obtained with the proposed methods, and compare these results to those obtained by the layer-wise compression technique of Han et al 2015, and to the uncompressed models. 
For these experiments the authors used three datasets, MNIST, CIFAR10 and ImageNet, with data-set specific architectures taken from the literature. 
These results suggest a consistent and significant advantage of the proposed method over the work of Han et al. Comparison to the work of Gong et al 2014 is not made.
The results illustrate the advantage of the hessian weighted k-means clustering criterion, and the advantages of the variable bitrate cluster encoding.  
In conclusion I would say that this is quite interesting work, although the technical novelty seems limited (but I'm not a quantisation expert).
Interestingly, the proposed techniques do not seem specific to deep conv nets, but rather generically applicable to quantisation of parameters of any model with an associated cost function for which a locally quadratic approximation can be formulated. It would be useful if the authors would discuss this point in their paper.