In this paper the authors propose a method to explicitly regularize sparse coding to encode neighbouring datapoints with similar sets of atoms from the dictionary by clustering training examples with KNN in input space. The resulting algorithm is relatively complex and computationally relatively expensive, but the authors provide detailed derivations and use arguments from proximal gradient descent methods to prove convergence (I did not follow all the derivations, only some). In general the paper is well written and the authors explain the motivation behind the algorithms design in detail. 
In the abstract the authors mention "extensive experimental results …", but I find the experiments not very convincing: With experiments on the USPS handwritten digits dataset (why not MNIST?), COIL-20 and COIL-100 and UCI, the datasets are all relatively small and the algorithm is run with dictionary sizes between p=100 to p=500. This seems surprising because the authors state that they implemented SRSC in "CUDA C++ with extreme efficiency" (page 10). But more importantly, I find it hard to interpret and compare the results: The paper reports accuracy and and normalized mutual information for a image retrieval / clustering task where the proposed SRSC is used as a feature extractor. The improvements relative to standard Sparse Coding seem very small  (often < 1% in terms of NMI; it looks more promising in terms of accuracy) and if I understand the description on page 11 correctly, than the test set was used to select some hyperparameters (the best similarity measure for clustering step)? There is no comparisons to other baselines / state of the art image clustering methods.
Besides of providing features for a small scale image clustering system, are there maybe ways to more directly evaluate the properties and qualities of  a sparse coding approach? E.g. reconstruction error / sparsity; maybe even denoising performance?
 
In summary, I think in it current form the paper lacks the evaluation and experimental results for an ICLR publication. Intuitively, I agree with the authors that the proposed regularization is an interesting direction, but I don't see experiments that directly show that the regularization has the desired effect; and the improvements in the clustering task where SRSC is used as a feature extractor are very modest.