After the discussion below, I looked at previous work by the authors (MUS-ROVER) on which this paper was based. On one hand, this was very helpful for me to better understand the current paper. On the other hand, this was very needed for me to better understand the current paper.
Overall, while I think that I like this work, and while I am familiar with the JSB chorales, with probabilistic approaches, with n-grams, etc, I did find the paper quite hard to follow at various parts. The extensive use of notation did not help the clarity.
I think the ideas and approaches are good, and certainly worth publishing and worth pursuing. I am not sure that, in the paper's current form, ICLR is an appropriate venue. (Incidentally, the issue is not the application as I think that music applications can be very appropriate, nor is the problem necessarily with the approach... see my next suggestion..). I get the sense that a long-form journal publication would actually give the authors the space necessary to fully explain these ideas, provide clearer running examples where needed, provide the necessary background for the appropriate readership, provide the necessary background on the previous system, perhaps demonstrating results on a second dataset to show generality of the approach, etc. A short conference paper just seems to me to be too dense a format for giving this project the description it merits. If it were possible to focus on just one aspect of this system, then that might work, but I do not have good suggestions for exactly how to do that. 
If the paper were revised substantially (though I cannot suggest details for how to do this within the appropriate page count), I would consider raising my score. I do think that the effort would be better invested in turning this into a long (and clearer) journal submission.
[Addendum: based on discussions here & revisions, I have revised my score]
Do you have any intuition of what is happening in the bottom row ("5-gram") of the top part of Figure 4? 
I am curious how well the described approach might scale. Certain aspects (seem to me to) depend on exhaustive searches/enumerations, but this was not entirely clear. Suppose, for example, that rather than Bach chorales, the system was optimized to help students learn orchestration, where there can easily be 10-20 instruments. In this case, the family of windows in Eq(1) would therefore correspond to a significantly larger power set. Furthermore, the pieces are much longer, so counting occurrences of arbitrary compositions of atomic operators could be combinatorially non-trivial, etc. Yet, conceptually organizing the rules of orchestration hierarchically might actually be quite a helpful application. Any comment on this would be appreciated.