Summary: 
The paper presents an advanced self-learning model that extracts compositional rules from Bach's chorales, which extends their previous work in: 1) the rule hierarchy in both conceptual and informational dimensions; 2) adaptive 2-D memory selection which assumes the features follow Dirichlet Distribution. Sonority (column of 4 MIDI numbers) acts as word in language model: unigram statistics have been used to learn the fundamental rules in music theory, while n-grams with higher order help characterize part writing. Sonorities have been clustered together based on feature functions through iterations. The partition induced by the features is recognized as a rule if it is sufficiently significant. As a result, two sample syllabi with different difficulty strides and "satisfactory gaps" have been generated in terms of sets of learned rules. 
1. Quality:
 a) Strengths: In the paper, the exploration of hierarchies in two dimensions makes the learning process more cognitive and interpretable. The authors also demonstrate an effective memory selection to speed up the learning.
 b) Flaws: The paper only discussed N<=5, which might limit the learning and interpretation capacities of the proposed model, failing to capture long-distance dependence of music. (In the replies to questions, the authors mentioned they had experimented with max N=10, but I'm not sure why related results were not included in the paper). Besides the elaborated interpretation of results, a survey seeking the opinions of students in a music department might make the evaluation of system performance more persuasive.
2. Clarity:
 a) Pros: The paper clearly delivers an improved automatic theorist system which learns and represents music concepts as well as thoroughly interprets and compares the learned rules with music theory. Proper analogies and examples help the reader perceive the ideas more easily.
 b) Cons: Although detailed definitions can be found in the authors' previous MUS-ROVER I papers, it would be great if they had described the optimization more clearly (in Figure 1. and related parts).  The "(Conceptual-Hierarchy Filter)" row in equations (3): the prime symbol should appear in the subscript.
3. Originality:
The representation of music concepts and rules is still an open area, the paper investigate the topic in a novel way. It illustrates an alternative besides other interpretable feature learning methods such as autoencoders, GAN, etc. 
4. Significance:
It is good to see some corresponding interpretations for the learned rules from music theory. The authors mentioned students in music could and should be involved in the self-learning loop to interact, which is very interesting. I hope their advantages can be combined in the practice of music theory teaching and learning.