This paper presents a way of training deep generative models with discrete hidden variables using the reparameterization trick. It then applies it to a particular DBN-like architecture, and shows that this architecture achieves state-of-the-art density modeling performance on MNIST and similar datasets. 
The paper is well written, and the exposition is both thorough and precise. There are several appendices which justify various design decisions in detail. I wish more papers in our field would take this degree of care with the exposition!
The log-likelihood results are quite strong, especially given that most of the competitive algorithms are based on continuous latent variables. Probably the main thing missing from the experiments is some way to separate out the contributions of the architecture and the inference algorithm. (E.g., what if a comparable architecture is trained with VIMCO, or if the algorithm is applied to a previously published discrete architecture?)
I'm a bit concerned about the variance of the gradients in the general formulation of the algorithm. See my comment "variance of the derivatives of F^{-1}" below. I think the response is convincing, but the problem (as well as "engineering principles" for the smoothing distribution) are probably worth pointing out in the paper itself, since the problem seems likely to occur unless the user is aware of it. (E.g., my proposal of widely separated normals would be a natural distribution to consider until one actually works through the gradients — something not commonly done in the age of autodiff frameworks.)
Another concern is how many sequential operations are needed for inference in the RBM model. (Note: is this actually an RBM, or a general Boltzmann machine?) The q distribution takes the form of an autoregressive model where the variables are processed one at a time. Section 3 mentions the possibility of grouping together variables in the q distribution, and this is elaborated in detail in Appendix A. But the solution requires decomposing the joint into a product of conditionals and applying the CDFs sequentially. So either way, it seems like we're stuck handling all the variables sequentially, which might get expensive. 
Minor: the second paragraph of Section 3 needs a reference to Appendix A.