The paper presents a method for joint motion prediction and activity classification from sequences with two different applications: motion of fruit flies and online handwriting recognition.
The method uses a classical encoder-decoder pipeline, with skip connections allowing direct communication between the encoder and the decoder on respective levels of abstraction.
Motion is discretized and predicted using classification. The model is trained on classification loss combined with a loss on motion prediction. The goal is to leverage latter loss in a semi-supervised setting from parts of the data which do not contain action labels.
The idea of leveraging predictions to train feature representations for discrimination is not new. However, the paper presents a couple of interesting ideas, partially inspired from other work in other areas.
My biggest concern is with the experimental evaluation. The experimental section contains a large amount of figures, which visualize what the model has learned in a qualitative way. However, quantitative evaluation is rarer.
- On the fly application, the authors compare the classification performance with another method previously published by the first author.
- Again on the fly application, the performance gain on motion prediction in figure 5c looks small compared to the baseline. I am not sure it is significant.
- I did not see any recognition results on the handwriting application. Has this part not been evaluated?
Figure 5a is difficult to understand and to interpret. The term "BesNet" is used here without any introduction.
Figure 4 seems to tell multiple and different stories. I'd suggest splitting it into at least two different figures.
"Animal behavior is nondeterministic": I think that this is an overstatement, since it depends on your frame of reference. At the very least I'd rephrase it by saying that we do not have access to the underlying cognitive processes, which makes the behavior look like a non-determinist one given the information we have.
My actual question is: given that the model of the behavior is non-deterministic, would a GAN be more natural fit for the predictive part of this task?