Use of ML in ITP is an interesting direction of research. Authors consider the problem of predicting whether a given statement would be useful in a proof of a conjecture or not. This is posed as a binary classification task and authors propose a dataset and some deep learning based baselines. 
I am not an expert on ITP or theorem proving, so I will present a review from more of a ML perspective. I feel one of the goals of the paper should be to present the problem to a ML audience in a way that is easy for them to grasp. While most of the paper is well written, there are some sections that are not clear (especially section 2):
-	Terms such as LCF, OCaml-top level, deBruijn indices have been used without explaining or any references. These terms might be trivial in ITP literature, but were hard for me to follow.  
-	Section 2 describes how the data was splits into train and test set. One thing which is unclear is – can the examples in the train and test set be statements about the same conjecture or are they always statements about different conjectures? 
It also unclear how the deep learning models are applied. Let's consider the leftmost architecture in Figure 1. Each character is embedded into 256-D vector – and processed until the global max-pooling layer. Does this layer take a max along each feature and across all characters in the input? 
My another concern is only deep learning methods are presented as baselines. It would be great to compare with standard NLP techniques such as Bag of Words followed by SVM. I am sure these would be outperformed by neural networks, but the numbers would give a sense of how easy/hard the current problem setup is. 
Did the authors look at the success and failure cases of the algorithm? Are there any insights that can be drawn from such analysis that can inform design of future models? 
Overall I think the research direction of using ML for theorem proving is an interesting one. However, I also feel the paper is quite opaque. Many parts of how the data is constructed is unclear (atleast to someone with little knowledge in ITPs). If authors can revise the text to make it clearer – it would be great. The baseline models seem to perform quite well, however there are no insights into what kind of ability the models are lacking. Authors mention that they are unable to perform logical reasoning – but that's a very vague statement. Some examples of mistakes might help make the message clearer. Further, since I am not well versed with the ITP literature it's not possible for me to judge how valuable is this dataset. From the references, it seems like it's drawn from a set of benchmark conjectures/proofs used in the ITP community – so its possibly a good dataset. 
My current rating is a weak reject, but if the authors address my concerns I would change to an accept.