The paper tries to present a first step towards solving the difficult problem of "learning from limited number of demonstrations". The paper tries to present 3 contributions towards this effort:
1. unsupervised segmentation of videos to identify intermediate steps in a process
2. define reward function based on feature selection for each sub-task
Pros:
+ The paper is a first attempt to solve a very challenging problem, where a robot is taught real-world tasks with very few visual demonstrations and without further retraining.
+ The method is well motivated and tries to transfer the priors learned from object classification task (through deep network features) to address the problem of limited training examples.
+ As demonstrated in Fig. 3, the reward functions could be more interpretable and correlate with transitions between subtasks.
+ Breaking a video into subtasks helps a video demonstration-based method achieve comparable performance with a method which requires full instrumentation for complex real-world tasks like door opening.
Cons:
1. Unsupervised video segmentation can serve as a good starting point to identify subtasks. However, there are multiple prior works in this domain which need to be referenced and compared with. Particularly, video shot detection and shot segmentation works try to identify abrupt change in video to break it into visually diverse shots. These methods could be easily augmented with CNN-features.
(Note that there are multiple papers in this domain, eg. refer to survey in Yuan et al. Trans. on Circuits and Systems for video tech. 2007)
2. The authors claim that they did not find it necessary to identify commonalities across demonstrations. This limits the scope of the problem drastically and requires the demonstrations to follow very specific set of constraints. Again, it is to be noted that there is past literature (video co-segmentation, eg. Tang et al. ECCV'14) which uses these commonalities to perform unsupervised video segmentation.
3. The unsupervised temporal video segmentation approach in the paper is only compared to a very simple random baseline for a few sample videos. However, given the large amount of literature in this domain, it is difficult to judge the novelty and significance of the proposed approach from these experiments.
4. The authors hypothesize that "sparse independent features exists which can discriminate a wide range of unseen inputs" and encode this intuition through the feature selection strategy. Again, the validity of the hypothesis is not experimentally well demonstrated. For instance, comparison to a simple linear classifier for subtasks would have been useful.
Overall, the paper presents a simple approach based on the idea that recognizing sub-goals in an unsupervised fashion would help in learning from few visual demonstrations. This is well motivated as a first-step towards a difficult task. However, the methods and claims presented in the paper need to be analyzed and compared with better baselines.