This review is only an informed guess - unfortunately I cannot assess the paper due to my lack of understanding of the paper. 
I have spent several hours trying to read this paper - but it has not been possible for me to follow - partially due to my own limitations, but also I think due to an overly abstract level of presentation. The paper is clearly written, but in the same way that a N. Bourbaki book is clearly written.
I would prefer to leave the accept/reject decision to the other reviewers who may have a better understanding - even if the authors had made a serious mistake, I would not be able to tell. My proposal is positive because the paper is apparently clearly written and the empirical evaluation is quite promising. But some effort will be needed in order to address the broader audience that could potentially be interested in the topic. 
I therefore would like to provide feedback only at the level of presentation. 
My main source of problems is that the authors do not try to ground their abstract formalism with concrete examples; when the examples show up it is by "revelation" rather than by explaining how they connect to the previous concepts. 
The one example that could unlock most people's understanding is how convolution, or inner product operations connect with the setting described here. For what I know convolution is tied with space (or time) and is understood as an equivariant operation - shifting the signal shifts the output. 
It is not explained how the '(x, x')' pairs used by the authors in order to build relations, structures and then to define invariance relate to this setting. 
Going from sets, to relations, to functions, to operators, and then to shift-invariant operators (convolutions) involves many steps, and some hand-holding is needed.
Why is the 3x3 convolution associated to 9 relations? 
Are these relations referring to the input at a given coordinate and its contribution to the output? (w{offset} x{i-offset})? In that case, why is there a backward arrow from the center node to the other nodes? And why are there arrows across nodes? 
What is a Cardinal and what is a Cartesian convolution in signal processing terms? (clearly these are not standard terms). 
Are we talking about separable filters? 
What are the X and Square symbols in Figure 2? And what are the horizontal and vertical sub-graphs standing for? What is x1 and what is x{11},x{1,2},x{1,3} and what is the relationship between them?
I realize that to the authors these questions may seem to be trivial and left as  homework for the reader. But I think part of publishing a paper is doing a big part of the homework for the readers so that it becomes easy to get the idea. 
Clearly the authors target the more general case - but spending some time to explain how the particular case is an instance of the the general case would be a good use of space. 
I would propose that the authors explain what are  x, x{I}, and x{S} for the simplest possible example, e.g. convolving a 1x5 signal with a 1x3 filter, how the convolution filter parameters show up in the function f, as well as how the spatial invariance (or, equivariance) of convolution is reflected here.