This paper introduces a polynomial linear model for supervised classification tasks. The model is based on a combination of the Tensor Train (TT) tensor decomposition method and a form of stochastic Riemannian  optimization. A few empirical experiments are performed that demonstrate the good performance of the proposed model relative to appropriate baselines.
From a theoretical standpoint, I think the approach is interesting and elegant. The main machinery underlying this work are the TT decomposition and the geometric structure of the manifold of tensors with fixed TT-rank, which have been established in prior work. The novelty of this paper is in the combination of this machinery to form an efficient polynomial linear model. As such, I would have hoped that the paper mainly focused on the efficacy of this combination and how it is superior to obvious alternatives. For example, I would have really appreciated seeing how FMs performed when optimized over the manifold of positive definite matrices, as another reviewer mentioned. Instead, there is a bit too much effort devoted to explaining prior work.
I think the empirical analysis could be substantially improved. I am particularly puzzled by the significant performance boost obtained from initializing with the ordinary logistic regression solution. I would have liked some further analysis of this effect, especially whether or not it is possible to obtain a similar performance boost with other models. Regarding the synthetic data, I think an important baseline would be against a vanilla feed forward neural network, which would help readers understand how complicated the interactions are and how difficult the dataset is to model. I agree with the previous reviewer regarding a variety of other possible improvements to the experimental section.
A few typos: 'Bernoulli distrbution', 'reproduce the experiemnts', 'generilize better'.
Overall, I am on the fence regarding this paper. The main idea is quite good, but insufficient attention was devoted to analyzing the aspects of the model that make it interesting and novel.