"First, it allows us to assess whether auto-regressive models are able to match the GAN results of Reed et al. (2016a)." Does it, though? Because the resolution is so bad. And resolution limitations aren't addressed until the second-to-last paragraph of the paper. And Figure 9 only shows 3 results (picked randomly? Picked to be favorable to PixelCNN?). That hardly seems conclusive.
The segmentation masks and keypoints are pretty strong input constraints. It's hard to tell how much coherent object and scene detail is emerging because the resolution is so low. For example, the cows in figure 5 look like color blobs, basically. Any color blob that follows an exact cow segmentation mask will look cow-like.
The amount of variation is impressive, though.
How can we assess how much the model is "replaying" training data? Figure 8 tries to get at this, but I wonder how much each of the "red birds", for instance, is mostly copied from a particular training example.
I'm unsatisfied with the answers to the pre-review questions. You didn't answer my questions. The paper would benefit from concrete numbers on training time / epochs and testing time. You didn't say why you can't make high resolution comparisons. Yes, it's slower at test time. Is it prohibitively slow? Or is it slightly inconvenient? There really aren't that many comparisons in the paper, anyway, so it if takes an hour to generate a result that doesn't seem prohibitive. 
To be clear about my biases: I don't think PixelCNN is "the right way" to do deep image generation. Texture synthesis methods used these causal neighborhoods with some success, but only because there wasn't a clear way to do the optimization more globally (Kwatra et al, Texture Optimization for Example-based Synthesis being one of the first alternatives). It seems simply incorrect to make hard decisions about what pixel values should be in one part of the image before synthesizing another part of the image (Another texture synthesis strategy to help fight back against this strict causality was coarse-to-fine synthesis. And I do see some deep image synthesis methods exploring that). It seems much more correct to have a deeper network and let all output pixels be conditioned on all other pixels (this conditioning will implicitly emerge at intermediate parts of the network). That said, I could be totally wrong, and the advantages stated in the paper could outweigh the disadvantages. But this paper doesn't feel very honest about the disadvantages.
Overall, I think the results are somewhat tantalizing, especially the ability to generate diverse outputs. But the resolution is extremely low, especially compared to the richness of the inputs. The network gets a lot of hand holding from rich inputs (it does at least learn to obey them). 
The deep image synthesis literature is moving very quickly. The field needs to move on from "proof of concept" papers (the first to show a particular result is possible) to more thorough comparisons. This paper has an opportunity to be a more in depth comparison, but it's not very deep in that regard. There isn't really an apples to apples comparison between PixelCNN and GAN nor is there a conclusion statement about why that is impossible. There isn't any large scale comparison, either qualitative or quantified by user studies, about the quality of the results.