The authors contribute an algorithm for building sum-product networks (SPNs) from data, assuming a Gaussian distribution for all dimensions of the observed data.  Due to the restricted structure of the SPN architecture, building a valid architecture that is tailored to a specific dataset is not an obvious exercise, and so structure-learning algorithms are employed.  For Gaussian distributed observations, the authors state that the previous state of the art is to chose a random SPN that satisfies the completeness and decomposibility constraints that SPNs must observe, and to then learn the parameters (as done in Jaini 2016).  In the contributed manuscript, the algorithm begins with a completely factorized model, and then by passing through the data, builds up more structure, while updating appropriate node statistics to maintain the validity of the SPN.
The above Jaini reference figures heavily into the reading of the paper because it is (to my limited knowledge) the previous work SOTA on SPNs applied to Gaussian distributed data, and also because the authors of the current manuscript compare performance to datasets studied in Jaini et al.  I personally was unfamiliar with most of these datasets, and so have no basis to judge loglikelihoods, given a particular model, as being either good or poor.  Nevertheless, the current manuscript reports results on these datasets that better (5 / 7) than other methods, such as SPNS (constructed randomly), Stacked Restricted Boltzmann Machines or Generative Moment Matching networks.
Overall: 
First let me say, I am not really qualified to make a decision on the acceptance or rejection of this manuscript (yet I am forced to make just such a choice) because I am not an expert in SPNs. I was also unfamiliar with the datasets, so I had no intuitive understanding of the algorithms performance, even when viewed as a black-box.  The algorithm is presented without theoretical inspiration or justification.  These latter are by no means a bad thing, but it again gives me little hold onto when evaluating the manuscript.  The manuscript is clearly written, and to my limited knowledge novel, and their algorithm does a good job (5/7) on selected datasets.  
My overall impression is that there isn't very much work here (e.g., much of the text is similar to Jaini, and most of the other experiments are repeated verbatim from Jaini), but again I may be missing something (this manuscript DOES mostly Jaini). I say this mostly because I am unfamiliar with the datasets.  Hopefully my reviewing peers will have enough background to know if the results are impressive or not, and my review should be weighted minimally.
Smallish Problems
I wanted to see nonuniform covariances in the data of the the toy task (Fig 3) for each gaussian component.
The SPN construction method has two obvious hyper parameters, it is important to see how those parameters affect the graph structure. (I submitted this as a pre-review question, to which the authors responded that they would look into this.)