This paper proposes an extension of the multiplicative RNN [1] where the authors apply the same reparametrization trick to the weight matrices of the LSTM. 
The paper proposes some interesting tricks, but none of them seems to be very crucial. For instance, in Eq. (16), the authors propose to multiply the output gate inside the activation function in order to alleviate the saturation problem in logistic sigmoid or hyperbolic tangent. Also, the authors share m_t across the inference of different gating units and cell-state candidates, at the end this brings only 1.25 times increase on the number of model parameters. Lastly, the authors use a variant of RMSProp where they add an additional hyper-parameter $\ell$ and schedule it across the training time. It would be nicer to apply the same tricks to other baseline models and show the improvement with regard to each trick.
With the new architectural modification to the LSTM and all the tricks combined, the performance is not as great as we would expect. Why didn't the authors apply batch normalization, layer normalization or zoneout to their models? Was there any issue with applying one of those regularization or optimization techniques? 
At the fourth paragraph of Section 4.4, where the authors connect dynamic evaluation with fast weights is misleading. I find it a bit hard to connect dynamic evaluation as a variant of fast weights. Fast weights do not use test error signal. In the paper, the authors claim that "dynamic evaluation uses the error signal and gradients to update the weights, which potentially increases its effectiveness, but also limits its scope to conditional generative modelling, when the outputs can be observed after they are predicted", and I am afraid to tell that this assumption is very misleading. We should never assume that test label information is given at the inference time. The test label information is there to evaluate the generalization performance of the model. In some applications, we may get the label information at test time, e.g., stock prediction, weather forecasting, however, in many other applications, we don't. For instance, in machine translation, we don't know what's the best translation at the end, unlike weather forecasting. Also, it would be fair to apply dynamic evaluation to all the other baseline models as well to compare with the BPC score 1.19 achieved by the proposed mLSTM.
The quality of the work is not that bad, but the novelty of the paper is not that good either. The performance of the proposed model is oftentime worse than other methods, and it is only better when dynamic evaluation is coupled together. However, dynamic evaluation can improve the other methods as well.
[1] Ilya et al., "Generating Text with Recurrent Neural Networks", ICML'11