The authors propose a solution for the task of synthesizing melodies. The authors claim that the "language-model"-type approaches with LSTMs generate melodies with certain shortcomings. They tend to lack long-range structure, to repeat notes etc. To solve this problem the authors suggest that the model could be first trained as a pure LM-style LSTM and then trained with reinforcement learning to optimize an objective which includes some non-differentiable music-theory related constraints. 
The reinforcement learning methodology is appropriate but straightforward and closely resembles previous work for text modeling and dialogue generation. By itself the methodology doesn't offer a new technique. 
To me, the paper's contribution then comes down to the novelty / utility / impact of the application. The authors clearly put substantial of effort into crafting the rules and user study and that is commendable. On the other hand, music itself is dealt with somewhat naively. While the user study reflects hard work, it seems premature. The semi-plausible piano melodies here are only music in the way that LSTM Shakespeare passes as poetry. So it's analogous to conducting a user study comparing LSTM Shakespeare to n-gram Shakespeare. 
I'd caution the author's against the uncritical motivation that a problem has previously been studied. Research contains abundant dead ends (not to say this is necessarily one) and the burden to motivate research shouldn't be forgotten. This is especially true when the application is the primary thrust of a paper.
Generally the authors should be careful about describing this model as "composing". By analogy to a Shakespeare-LSTM, the language model is not really composing English prose. The relationship between constructing a statistical sequence model and creating art - an activity that involves communication grounded in real-world semantics should not be overstated. 
I appreciate the authors' efforts to respond to some criticisms of the problem setup and encourage them to anticipate these arguments in the paper and to better motivate the work in the future. If the main contribution is the application (the methods have been used elsewhere), then the motivation is of central importance. I also appreciate their contention that the field benefits from multiple datasets and not simply relying on language modeling. Further, they are correct in asserting that MIDI can capture all the information in a score (not merely "Gameboy music", and that for some musics (e.g. European classical) the score is of central importance. However, the authors may overstate the role of a score in jazz music.
Overall, for me, the application, while fun, doesn't add enough to the impact of the paper. And the methodology, while appropriate, doesn't stand on its own. 
--Update-- Thanks for your modifications and arguments. I've revised my scores to add a point.