This paper uses a combination of likelihood and reward based learning to learn sequence models for music. The ability to combine likelihood and reward based learning has been long known, as a result of the unification of inference and learning first appearing in the ML literature with the EM formalism of Attias (2003) for fixed horizons, extended by Toussaint and Storkey (2006), to general horizon settings, Toussaint et al. (2011) to POMDPs and generalised further by Kappen et Al. (2012) and Rawlik et Al. (2012). These papers introduced the basic unification, and so any additional probabilistic or data driven objective can be combined with the reinforcement learning signal: it is all part of a unified reward/likelihood. Hence the optimal control target under unification is p(b=1|\tau)Ep(A,S) \prodt \pi(at|st): i.e. the probability of getting reward, and probability of the policy actions under the known data-derived distribution, thereby introducing the log p(at|st) into (9) too.
The interpretation of the secondary objective as the prior is an alternative approach under a stochastic optimal control setting, but not the most natural one given the whole principle of SOC of matching control objectives to inference objectives. The SOC off policy objective still does still contain the KL term so the approach would still differ from the approach of this paper.
Though the discussion of optimal control is good, I think some further elaboration of the history and how reward augmentation can work in SOC would be valuable. This would allow SOC off-policy methods to be compared with the DQN directly, like for like.
The motivation of the objective (3) is sensible but could be made clearer via the unification argument above. Then the paper uses DCN to take a different approach from the variational SOC for achieving that objective.
Another interesting point of discussion is the choice of Epi \log p(at|s_t) – this means the policy must "cover" the model. But one problem in generation is that a well-trained model is often underfit, resulting in actions that, over the course of a number of iterations, move the state into data-unsupported parts of the space. As a result the model is no longer confident and quickly tends to be fairly random. This approach (as opposed to a KL(p||pi) – which is not obvious how to implement) cannot mitigate against that, without a very strong signal (to overcome the tails of a distribution). In music, with a smaller discrete alphabet, this is likely to be less of a problem than for real valued policy densities, with exponentially decaying tails. Some further discussion of what you see in light of this issue would be valuable: the use of c to balance things seems critical, and it seems clear from Figure 2 that the reward signal needed to be very high to push the log p signal into the right range.
Altogether, in the music setting this paper provides a reasonable demonstration that augmentation of a sequence model with an additional reward constraint is valuable. It demonstrates that DQN is one way of learning that signal, but AFAICS it does not compare learning the same signal via other techniques. Instead for the comparator techniques it reverts to treating the p(a|s) as a "prior" term rather than a reward term, leaving a bit of a question as to whether DQN is particularly appropriate. 
Another interesting question for the discussion is whether the music theory reward could be approximated by a differentiable model, mitigating the need for an RL approach at all.