The paper presents an approach to learning shared neural representations of temporal abstractions in hierarchical RL, based on actor-critic methods. The approach is illustrated in two tasks: gridworld with objects and a simplified Minecraft problem).  The idea of providing symbolic descriptions of tasks and learning corresponding "implementations" is potentially interesting and the empirical results are promising.  However, there are two main drawbacks of the current incarnation of this work.  First, the ideas presented in the paper have all been explored in other work (symbolic specifications, actor-critic, shared representations).  While related work is discussed, it is not really clear what is new here, and what is the main contribution of this work besides providing a new implementation of existing ideas in the context of deep learning. The main contribution if the work needs to be clearly spelled out.  Secondly, the approach presented relies crucially on curriculum learning (this is quite clear from the experiments).  While the authors argue that specifying tasks in simplified language is easy, designing a curriculum may in fact be pretty complicated, depending on the task at hand.  The examples provided are fairly small, and there is no hint of how curriculum can be designed for larger problems. Because the approach is sensitive to the curriculum, this limits the potential utility of the work. It is also unclear if there is a way to provide supervision automatically, instead of doing it based on prior domain knowledge.
More minor comments:
- The experiments are not described in enough detail in the paper. It's great to provide github code, but one needs to explain in the paper why certain choices were made in the task setup (were these optimized? What's this the first thing that worked?) Even with the code, the experiments as described are not reproducible
- The description of the approach is pretty tangled with the specific algorithmic choices. Can the authors step back and think more generally of how this approach can be formalized?  I think this would help relate it to the prior work more clearly as well.