This paper aims at attacking the problem of preselecting deep learning model structures for new domains. It reported a series of experiments on various small tasks and feed-forward DNNs. It claims that some ranking algorithm can be learned based on these results to guide the selection of model structures for new domains.
Although the goal is interesting I found their conclusion is neither convincing nor useful in practice for several reasons:
1. They only explored really simple networks (feed-forward DNNs). While this significantly limited the search space, it also limited the value of the experiments. In fact, the best model architecture is highly task (domain) dependent and the type of model (DNN vs CNN vs LSTM) is often much more important than size of the network itself.
2. Their experiments were conduced with some important hyper parameters (e.g., learning rate schedule) fixed. However, it is well known  that learning rate often is the most important hyper parameter during training. Without adjusting these important hyper parameters the conclusion on the best model architecture is not convincing.
3. Their experiments seem to indicate that the training data difference is not important. However, this is unlikely to be true as you would definitely want to use larger models (total number of parameters) when your training set is magnitude larger (i.e., log(datasize) can be an important feature). This is likely because they did not run experiments on large datasets.
In addition, I think the title of the paper does not accurately reflect what the paper is about and should be modified. Also, this paper cited Sainath et al. 2015 as the work that leads to breakthrough in speech recognition. However, the breakthrough in ASR happened much earlier. The first paper with all three key components was published in 2010:
Yu, D., Deng, L. and Dahl, G., 2010, December. Roles of pre-training and fine-tuning in context-dependent DBN-HMMs for real-world speech recognition. In Proc. NIPS Workshop on Deep Learning and Unsupervised Feature Learning.
and the more detailed paper was published in 2012
Dahl, G.E., Yu, D., Deng, L. and Acero, A., 2012. Context-dependent pre-trained deep neural networks for large-vocabulary speech recognition. IEEE Transactions on Audio, Speech, and Language Processing, 20(1), pp.30-42.
As a conclusion, this paper presented some very preliminary result. Although it's interesting it's not ready for publishing.