The paper is well-motivated, and is part of a line of recent work investigating the use of orthogonal weight matrices within recurrent neural networks. While using orthogonal weights addresses the issue of vanishing/exploding gradients, it is unclear whether anything is lost, either in representational power or in trainability, by enforcing orthogonality. As such, an empirical investigation that examines how these properties are affected by deviation from orthogonality is a useful contribution.
The paper is clearly written, and the primary formulation for investigating soft orthogonality constraints (representing the weight matrices in their SVD factorized form, which gives explicit control over the singular values) is clean and natural, albeit not necessarily ideal from a practical computational standpoint (as it requires maintaining multiple orthogonal weight matrices each requiring an expensive update step). I am unaware of this approach being investigated previously.
The experimental side, however, is somewhat lacking. The paper evaluates two tasks: a copy task, using an RNN architecture without transition non-linearities, and sequential/permuted sequential MNIST. These are reasonable choices for an initial evaluation, but are both toy problems and don't shed much light on the practical aspects of the proposed approaches. An evaluation in a more realistic setting would be valuable (e.g., a language modeling task).
Furthermore, while investigating pure RNN's makes sense for evaluating effects of orthogonality, it feels somewhat academic: LSTMs also provide a mechanism to capture longer-term dependencies, and in the tasks where the proposed approach was compared directly to an LSTM, it was significantly outperformed. It would be very interesting to see the effects of the proposed soft orthogonality constraint in additional architectures (e.g., deep feed-forward architectures, or whether there's any benefit when embedded within an LSTM, although this seems doubtful).
Overall, the paper addresses a clear-cut question with a well-motivated approach, and has interesting findings on some toy datasets. As such I think it could provide a valuable contribution. However, the significance of the work is restricted by the limited experimental settings (both datasets and network architectures).