This paper proposes a multiview learning approach to finding dependent subspaces optimized for maximizing cross-view similarity between neighborhoods of data samples. The motivation comes from information retrieval tasks. Authors position their work as an alternative to CCA-based multiview learning; note, however, that CCA based techniques have very different purpose and are rather broadly applicable than the setting considered here. Main points: 
- I am not sure what authors mean by time complexity. It would appear that they simply report the computational cost of evaluating the objective in equation (7). Is there a sense of how many iterations of the L-BFGS method? Since that is going to be difficult given the nature of the optimization problem, one would appreciate some sense of how hard or easy it is in practice to optimize the objective in (7) and how that varies with various problem dimensions. Authors argue that scalability is not their first concern, which is understandable, but if they are going to make some remarks about the computational cost, it better be clarified that the reported cost is for some small part of their overall approach rather than "time complexity".
- Since authors position their approach as an alternative to CCA, they should remark about how CCA, even though a nonconvex optimization problem, can be solved exactly with computational cost that is linear in the data size and only quadratic with dimensionality even with a naive implementation. The method proposed in the paper does not seem to be tractable, at least not immediately. 
- The empirical results with synthetic data are a it confusing. First of all the data generation procedure is quite convoluted, I am not sure why we need to process each coordinate separately in different groups, and then permute and combine etc. A simple benchmark where we take different linear transformations of a shared representation and add independent noise would suffice to confirm that the proposed method does something reasonable. I am also baffled why CCA does not recover the true subspace - arguably it is the level of additive noise that would impact the recoverability - however the proposed method is nearly exact so the noise level is perhaps not so severe. It is also not clear if authors are using regularization with CCA - without regularization CCA can be have in a funny manner. This needs to be clarified.