This paper extends boosting to the task of learning generative models of data. The strong learner is obtained as a geometric average of "weak learners", which can themselves be normalized (e.g. VAE) or un-normalized (e.g. RBMs) generative models (genBGM), or a classifier trained to discriminate between the strong learner at iteration T-1 and the true data distribution (discBGM). This latter method is closely related to Noise Contrastive Estimation, GANs, etc.
The approach benefits from strong theoretical guarantees, with strict conditions under which each boosting iteration is guaranteed to improve the log-likelihood. The downside of the method appears to be the lack of normalization constant for the resulting strong learner and the use of heuristics to weight each weak learner (which seems to matter in practice, from Sec. 3.2). The discriminative approach further suffers from an expensive training procedure: each round of boosting first requires generating a "training set" worth of samples from the previous strong learner, where samples are obtained via MCMC.
The experimental section is clearly the weak point of the paper. The method is evaluated on a synthetic dataset, and a single real-world dataset, MNIST: both for generation and as a feature extraction mechanism for classification. Of these, the synthetic experiments were the clearest in showcasing the method. On MNIST, the baseline models are much too weak for the results to be convincing. A modestly sized VAE can obtain 90 nats within hours on a single GPU, clearly an achievable goal. Furthermore, despite arguments to the contrary, I firmly believe that mixing base learners is an academic exercise, if only because of the burden of implementing K different models & training algorithms. This section fails to answer a more fundamental question: is it better to train a large VAE by maximizing the elbow, or e.g. train 10 iterations of boosting, using VAEs 1/10th the size of the baseline model ? Experimental details are also lacking, especially with respect to the sampling procedure used to draw samples from the BGM. The paper would also benefit from likelihood estimates obtained via AIS.
With regards to novelty and prior work, there is also a missing reference to "Self Supervised Boosting" by Welling et al [R1]. After a cursory read through, there seems to be strong similarities to the GenBGM approach which ought to be discussed.
Overall, I am on the fence. The idea of boosting generative models is intriguing, seems well motivated and has potential for impact. For this reason, and given the theoretical contributions, I am willing to overlook some of the issues highlighted above, and hope the authors can address some of them in time for the rebuttal.
[R1]