The paper presents a method for sequence generation with a known method applied to feature extracted from another existing method. The paper is heavily oriented towards to chosen technologies and lacks in literature on sequence generation. In principle, rich literature on motion prediction for various applications could be relevant here. Recent models exist for sequence prediction (from primed inputs) for various applications, e.g. for skeleton data. These models learn complex motion w/o any pre-processing. 
Evaluation is a big concern. There is no quantitative evaluation. There is no comparision with other methods.
I still wonder whether the intermediate representation (developed by Plamondon et al.) is useful in this context of a fully trained sequence generation model and whether the model could pick up the necessary transformations itself. This should be evaluated.
Details:
There are several typos and word omissions, which can be found by carefully rereading the paper.
At the beginning of section 3, it is still unclear what the application is. Prediction of dynamic parameters? What for? Section 3 should give a better motivation of the work.
Concerning the following paragraph
"While such methods are superior for handwriting analysis and biometric purposes, we opt for a less precise method (Berio & Leymarie, 2015) that is less sensitive to sampling quality and is aimed at generating virtual target sequences that remain perceptually similar to the original trace. 
"
This method has not been explained. A paper should be self-contained.
The authors mentioned that the "V2V-model is conditioned on (...)"; but not enough details are given. 
Generally speaking, more efforts could be made to make the paper more self-contained.
The IAM dataset is an offline dataset (images). How did you generate the stroke sequences?
Recent models exist for sequence prediction (from primed inputs) for various applications, e.g. for skeleton data. These models learn complex motion w/o any pre-processing. Did you look at the state of the art on this? Shouldn't this be applicable here?