The problem of utilizing all available information (across modalities) about a product to learn a meaningful "joint" embedding is an interesting one, and certainly seems like it a promising direction for improving recommender systems, especially in the "cold start" scenario. I'm unaware of approaches combining as many modalities as proposed in this paper, so an effective solution could indeed be significant. However, there are many aspects of the proposed architecture that seem sub-optimal to me:
1. A major benefit of neural-network based systems is that the entire system can be trained end-to-end, jointly. The proposed approach sticks together largely pre-trained modules for different modalities... this can be justifiable when there is very little training data available on which to train jointly. With 10M product pairs, however, this doesn't seem to be the case for the Amazon dataset (although I haven't worked with this dataset myself so perhaps I'm missing something... either way it's not discussed at all in the paper). I consider the lack of a jointly fine-tuned model a major shortcoming of the proposed approach.
2. The discussion of "pairwise residual units" is confusing and not well-motivated. The residual formulation (if I understand it correctly) applies a ReLU layer to the concatenation of the modality specific embeddings, giving a new similarity (after dot products) that can be added to the similarity obtained from the concatenation directly. Why not just have an additional fully-connected layer that mixes the modality specific embeddings to form a final embedding (perhaps of lower dimensionality)? This should at least be presented as a baseline, if the pairwise residual unit is claimed as a contribution... I don't find the provided explanation convincing (in what way does the residual approach reduce parameter count?).
3. More minor: The choice of TextCNN for the text embedding vectors seems fine (although I wonder how an LSTM-based approach would perform)... However the details surrounding how it is used are obscured in the paper. In response to a question, the authors mention that it runs on the concatenation of the first 10 words of the title and product description. Especially for the description, this seems insufficiently long to contain a lot of information to me.
More care could be given to motivating the choices made in the paper. Finally, I'm not familiar with state of the art on this dataset... do the comparisons accurately reflect it? It seems only one competing technique is presented, with none on the more challenging cold-start scenarios.
Minor detail: In the second paragraph of page 3, there is a reference that just says (cite Julian).