This paper applies convnet-based object detection techniques to detection of weather events from 3D climate data, additionally exploring the effect of using an unsupervised autoencoder-style objective term.
Pros:
The application of object detection techniques to extreme weather event detection problem is unique, to my knowledge.
The paper is well-written and describes the method well, including a survey of the related work.
The best model makes use of 3D convolutions and unsupervised learning, both of which are relatively unexplored in the detection literature.  Both of these aspects are validated and shown to produce at least small performance improvements over a 2D and/or purely supervised approach.
Cons:
The benefits of the 3D convolutional architecture and unsupervised learning end up being a little underwhelming, with 52.92% mAP for the 3D+semi-sup result vs. 51.42% mAP for the 2D+sup result.
It's a bit strange that 3D+sup and 2D+semi-sup are each worse than the 2D+sup base result;  I'd expect each aspect to give a slight improvement over the base result, given that using both together gives the best results -- perhaps there was not a thorough enough hyperparameter search for these cases.  The paper does acknowledge this and provide potential explanations in Sec. 4.3, however.
As other reviewers pointed out, the use of the 0.1 IoU criterion for true positives is very loose relative to the standard 0.5 criterion.  On the other hand, if the results visualized in Figure 3 are typical, a 0.1 overlap criterion could be reasonable for this domain as the detector does seem to localize events well enough that the system could be used to expedite human review of the climate images for extreme events.  Still, it would be useful to also report results at higher overlap thresholds.
Minor: eq 6 should (probably) be the squared L2 norm (i.e. the sum of squares) rather than the L2 norm itself.
Minor: table 4 -- shouldn't the semi-supervised models have more parameters than the corresponding supervised ones due to the decoder layers?
Overall, this paper is well-written and applies some interesting underutilized techniques to a relatively unique domain.  The results aren't striking, but the model is ablated appropriately and shown to be beneficial.  For a final version, it would be nice to see results at higher overlap thresholds.