[EDIT: The thoughtful author responses addressed my major concerns. The github links for data and code will be really helpful for reproducing results (I haven't looked carefully, but this is great). The revision addressed many issues, including the additional results. As such I am upgrading my rating from a 5 to a 6 and recommend acceptance of the paper.]
The paper proposes to apply deep nets to perform detection and localization of extreme weather events in simulated weather data. The problem is related to object detection in computer vision in that the input is a 2D "image" (multichannel spatial weather data) or 3D "video" (temporal version of the data) and the output is a bounding box (spatial-temporal localization of a weather event) and class label (weather event type). It differs from standard object detection in that the input has multiple heterogenous channels and labeled data is scarce.
A simple but quite reasonable deep net is proposed for the task based on similar approaches in computer vision. While proposal based systems are most popular in vision currently (in particular Faster-RCNN) the proposed approach is simple and a fine starting point. There is little innovation on the part of the detection system, but as noted, it is a valid application of ideas from computer vision to the task at hand. 
The authors propose both a supervised approach (only ground truth bounding box location/label is used) and a semi-supervised approach that additionally incorporates the reconstruction loss as a regularization. In all cases the losses are fairly standard and again, reasonable. The only confusing bit is that the "semi-supervised" loss actually has all the labels used for the "supervised" loss and additionally incorporates the reconstruction loss. Hence, the "semi-supervised" loss is actually stronger, which makes the terminology a bit confusing.
The paper is easy to follow, but notation is sloppy. For example, above equation 5 it states that "the loss is a weighted combination of reconstruction error and bounding box regression loss"; actually it's a combination of the supervised and unsupervised loss (Lsup and Lunsup), and Lrec is not defined (although I assume Lrec=Lunsup). The paper is fairly non-technical, but nevertheless these minor issues should be fixed. (E.g., see also reference to "figure 4 and 4"). 
The biggest concern w the paper though is experimental results. Only a single figure and table of results are shown (figure 4 and table 4). The metrics are not defined (what is mean average recall?). Only 2D versus 3D version of the model are shown, and supervised and semi-supervised. Moreover, numbers seem a bit all over the place, without consistent patterns (e.g., why is 2D supervised better than the seemingly much strong 3D semi-supervised?). One of the things that is unclear is how many events are actually in the training/testing data, and more importantly, how good are these results in absolute terms? Regardless, the experiments are fairly sparse and ablation studies and more discussion lacking. It is also unclear if future researchers will be able to reproduce the experimental setting (a commitment to open-source the data or a way to reproduce the experiments would be critical for future authors).
Minor nit: the authors use both a classification loss and an "objectness" loss. I've never seen both used together like this (normally objectness is used in two-stage object proposal systems where in the first stage class-agnostic proposals are given and in the second stage these are cropped and a class-specific classifier is applied). I strongly suspect removing the objectness loss would not impact results since the classification loss should provide strictly stronger supervisory signal. Regardless, this is a fairly non-standard choice and should be justified (experimentally).
Overall this is a borderline paper. I do believe that it is valuable to apply computer vision techniques to a domain that I've see little work on in our community. That being said, I have no expertise on this type of data -- it's possible this deep learning techniques are now routinely used in the climate science literature (I suspect not, though). Overall, there is little novelty on the algorithmic side in this paper (the equations in section 3 are commonly used in the cv literature). The use of reconstruction loss to improve results in the data-sparse setting is interesting, but the experimental results are inconclusive. The experimental validation is generally insufficient. Reproducibility for future research is difficult unless the data is open-sourced. Overall, I think this paper is a good start, and with improved experiments and more careful writing I think could eventually make for a decent paper.