The authors address the problem of modeling temporally-changing signal on a graph, where the signal at one node changes as a function of the inputs and the hidden states of its neighborhood, the size of which is a hyperparameter. The approach follows closely that of Shi et al. 2015, but it is generalized to arbitrary graph structures rather than a fixed grid by using graph convolutions of Defferrard et al. 2016. This is not a strict generalization because the graph formulation treats all edges equally, while the conv kernels in Shi et al. have a built in directionality. The authors show results on a moving MNIST and on the Penn Tree Bank Language Modeling task.
The paper, model and experiments are decent but I have some concerns:
1. The proposed model is not exceptionally novel from a technical perspective. I usually don't mind if this is the case provided that the authors make up for the deficiency with thorough experimental evaluation, clear write up, and interesting insights into the pros/cons of the approach with respect to previous models. In this case I lean towards this not being the case.
2. The experiment results section is rather terse and light on interpretation. I'm not fully up to date on the latest of Penn Tree Bank language modeling results but I do know that it is a hotly contested and well-known dataset. I am surprised to see a comparison only to Zaremba et al 2014 where I would expect to see multiple other results.
3. The writing is not very clear and the authors don't make sufficiently strong attempt to compare the models or provide insight or comparisons into why the proposed model works better. In particular, unless I'm mistaken the word probabilities are a function of the neighborhood in the graph. What is the width of this graph? For example, suppose I sample a word in one part of the graph, doesn't this information have to propagate to the other parts of the graph along the edges? Also, it's not clear to me how the model can achieve reasonable results on moving MNIST when it cannot distinguish the direction of the moving edges. The authors state this but do not provide satisfying insight into how this can work. How does a pixel know that it should turn on in the next frame? I wish the authors thought about this more and presented it more clearly.
In summary, the paper has somewhat weak technical contribution, the experiments section is not very thorough, and the insights are sparse.