It would seem that the shelf life of a dataset has decreased rapidly in recent literature. SQuAD dataset has been heavily pursued as soon as it hit online couple months ago, the best performance on their leaderboard now reaching to 82%. This is rather surprising when taking into account the fact that the formal conference presentation of the dataset took place only a month ago at EMNLP'16, and that the reported machine performance (at the time of paper submission) was only at 51%. One reasonable speculation is that the dataset may have not been hard enough.
NewsQA, the paper in submission, aims to address this concern by presenting a dataset of a comparable scale created through different QA collection strategies. Most notably, the authors solicit questions without requiring answers from the same turkers, in order to promote more diverse and hard-to-answer questions. Another notable difference is that the questions are gathered without showing the content of the news articles, and the dataset makes use of a bigger subset of CNN/Daily corpus (12K / 90K), as opposed to a much smaller subset (500 / 90K) used by SQuAD.
In sum, I think NewsQA dataset presents an effort to construct a harder, large-scale reading comprehension challenge, a recently hot research topic for which we don't yet have satisfying datasets. While not without its own weaknesses, I think this dataset presents potential values compared to what are available out there today.
That said, the paper does read like it was prepared in a hurry, as there are numerous small things that the authors could have done better. As a result, I do wonder about the quality of the dataset. For one, human performance of SQuAD measured by the authors (70.5 - 82%) is lower than that reported by SQuAD (80.3 - 90.5%). I think this sort of difference can easily happen depending on the level of carefulness the annotators can maintain. After all, not all humans have the same level of carefulness or even the same level of reading comprehension. I think it'd be the best if the authors can try to explain the reason behind these differences, and if possible, perform a more careful measurement of human performance. If anything, I don't think it looks favorable for NewsQA if the human performance is only at the level of 74.9%, as it looks as if the difficulty of the dataset comes mainly from the potential noise from the QA collection process, which implies that the low model performance could result from not necessarily because of the difficulty of the comprehension and reasoning, but because of incorrect answers given by human annotators.
I'm also not sure whether the design choice of not presenting the news article when soliciting the questions was a good one. I can imagine that people might end up asking similar generic questions when not enough context has been presented. Perhaps taking a hybrid, what I would like to suggest is to present news articles where some sentences or phrases are randomly redacted, so that the question generators can have a bit more context while not having the full material in front of them.
Yet another way of encouraging the turkers from asking too trivial questions is to engage an automatic QA system on the fly — turkers must construct a QA pair for which an existing state-of-the-art system cannot answer correctly.