This paper addresses the problem of argument mining, which consists of finding argument types and predicting the relationships between the arguments. The authors proposed a pointer network structure to recover the argument relations. They also propose modifications on pointer network to perform joint training on both type and link prediction tasks. Overall the model is reasonable, but I am not sure if ICLR is the best venue for this work.
My first concern of the paper is on the novelty of the model. Pointer network has been proposed before. The proposed multi-task learning method is interesting, but the authors only verified it on one task. This makes me feel that maybe the submission is more for a NLP conference rather than ICLR. 
The authors stated that the pointer network is less restrictive compared to some of the existing tree predicting method. However, the datasets seem to only contain single trees or forests, and the stack-based method can be used for forest prediction by adding a virtual root node to each example (as done in the dependency parsing tasks). Therefore, I think the experiments right now cannot reflect the advantages of pointer network models unfortunately. 
My second concern of the paper is on the target task. Given that the authors want to analyze the structures between sentences, is the argumentation mining the best dataset? For example, authors could verify their model by applying it to the other tasks that require tree structures such as dependency parsing. As for NLP applications, I found that the assumption that the boundaries of AC are given is a very strong constraint, and could potentially limit the usefulness of the proposed model. 
Overall, in terms of ML, I also feel that baseline methods the authors compared to are probably strong for the argument mining task, but not necessary strong enough for the general tree/forest prediction tasks (as there are other tree/forest prediction methods). In terms of NLP applications, I think the assumption of having AC boundaries is too restrictive, and maybe ICLR is not the best venture for this submission.