This paper addresses video captioning with a TEM-HAM architecture, where a HAM module attends over attended outputs of the TEM module when generating the description. This gives a kind of 2-level attention. The model is evaluated on the Charades and MSVD datasets.
1. Quality/Clarify: I found this paper to be poorly written and relatively hard to understand. As far as I can tell the TEM module of Section 3.1 is a straight-forward attention frame encoder of Bahdanau et al. 2015 or Xu et al. 2015. The decoder of Section 3.3 is a standard LSTM with log likelihood. The HAM module of Section 3.2 is the novel module but is not very well described. It looks to be an attention LSTM where the attention is over the TEM LSTM outputs, but the attention weights are additionally conditioned on the decoder state. There are a lot of small problems with the description, such as notational discrepancy in using \textbf in equations and then not using it in the text. Also, I spent a long time trying to understand what f_m is. The authors say: 
"In order to let the network remember what has been attended before and the temporal
structure of a video, we propose f_m to memorize the previous attention and encoded version of an
input video with language model. Using f_m not only enables the network to memorize previous
attention and frames, but also to learn multi-layer attention over an input video and corresponding
language."
Where one fm is bold and the other fm is not. Due to words such as "we propose fm" assumed this was some kind of a novel technical contribution I couldn't find any details about but it is specified later in Section 3.3 at the end that fm is in fact just an LSTM. It's not clear why this piece of information is in Section 3.3, which discusses the decoder. The paper is sloppy in other parts. For example in Table 1 some numbers have 1 significant digit and some have 2. The semantics of the horizontal line in Table 2 are not explained in text. 
2. Experimental results: The ablation study shows mixed results when adding TEM and HAM to the model. Looking at METEOR which was shown to have the highest correlation to humans in the COCO paper compared to the other evaluation criteria, adding TEM+HAM improves the model from 31.20 to 31.70. It is not clear how significant this improvement is, especially given that the test set is only 670 videos. I have doubts over this result. In Table 2, the METEOR score of Pan et al. 2016a is higher [33.10 vs. 31.80], but this discrepancy is not addressed in text. This is surprising because the authors explicitly claim "state of the art results".
3. Originality/Significance: The paper introduces an additional layer of attention over a more standard sequence to sequence setup, which is argued to alleviate the burden on the LSTM's memory. This is moderately novel but I don't believe that the experimental results make it sufficiently clear that it is also worth doing. If the paper made the standard model somehow simpler instead of more complex I would be more inclined to judge it favorably.
Minor:
In response to the author's comment "not sure what causes to think of RBM. We don't model any part of our architecture using RBM. We'd be appreciated if you please elaborate more about your confusion about figure 1 so we can address it accordingly.", I created a diagram to hopefully make this more clear: