The authors extend their method of causal discovery (Chalupka et al 2016) to include assumptions about sparsity via regularization.  They apply this extension to an interesting private dataset from Sutter Health.  While an interesting direction, I found the presentation somewhat confused, the methodological novelty smaller than the bulk of ICLR works, and the central results (or perhaps data; see below) inadequate to address questions of causality.
First, I found the presentation somewhat unclear.  The paper at some points seems to be entirely focused on healthcare data, at other points it uses it as a motivating example, and at other points it is neglected.  Also, algorithm 1 seems unreferenced, and I'm not entirely sure why it is needed.  Figure 2 is not needed for this community.  The key methodological advance in this work appears in section 2.1 (Causal regularizer), but it is introduced amidst toy examples and without clear terminology or standard methodological assumptions/build-up.  In Section 3.1 (bottom of first paragraph), key data and results seem to be relegated to the appendices.  Thus overall the paper read rather haphazardly.  Finally, there seems to be an assumption throughout of fairly intimate familiarity with the Cholupka preprint, which i think should be avoided.  This paper should stand alone.
Second, while the technical contributions/novelty are not a focus of the paper's presentation, I am concerned by the lack of methodological advance.  Essentially a regularization objective is added to the previous method, which of itself is not a bad idea, but I can't point to a technical novelty in the paper that the community can not do without.
Third, fundamentally i don't see how the experiments address the central question of causality; they show regularization behaving as expected (or rather, influencing weights as expected), but I don't think we really have any meaningful quantitative evidence that causality has been learned.  This was briefly discussed (see "ground truth causality?" and the response below).  I appreciate the technical challenges/impossibility of having such a dataset, but if that's the case, then I think this work is premature, since there is no way to really validate.
Overall it's clearly a sincere effort, but I found it wanting in terms of a few critical areas.