I sincerely apologize for the late review!
The first part has a strong emphasis on the technical part. It could benefit from some high level arguments on what the method aims to achieve, what limitation is there to overcome. I may have misunderstood the contribution (in which case please correct me) that the main novel part of the paper is the suggestion to learn the group parameterizations instead of pre-fixing them. So instead of applying it to common spatial filters as in De Brabandere et al., it is applied to Steerable Frames?
The first contribution suggests that "general frame bases are better suited to represent sensory input data than the commonly used pixel basis.". The experiments on Cifar10+ indicate that this is not true in general. Considering the basis as a hyper-parameter, expensive search has to be conducted to find that the Gauss-Frame gives better results. I assume this does not suggest that the Gauss-Frame is always better, at least there is weak evidence on a single network presented. Maybe the first contribution has to be re-stated. Further is the "Pixel" network representation corrected for the larger number of parameters. As someone who is interested in using this, what are the runtime considerations? 
I would strongly suggest to improve Fig.3. The Figure uses "w" several times in different notations and depictions. It mixes boxes, single symbols and illustrative figures. It took some time to decipher the Figure and its flow. 
Summary: The paper is sufficiently clear, technical at many places and readability can be improved. E.g., the introduction of frames in the beginning lacks motivation and is rather unclear to someone new to this concept. The work falls in the general category of methods that impose knowledge about filter transformations into the network architecture. For me that has always two sides, the algorithmic and technical part (there are several ways to do this) and the practical side (should I do it)? This is a possible approach to this problem but after the paper I was a bit wondering what I have learned, I am certainly not inspired based on the content of the paper to integrate or build on this work. I am lacking insights into transformational parameters that are relevant for a problem. While the spatial transformer network paper was weaker on the technical elegance side, it provided exactly this: an insight into the feature transformation learned by the algorithm. I am missing this here, e.g., from Table 2  I learn that among four choices one works empirically better. What is destroyed by the x^py^p and Hermite frames that the ResNet is not able to recover from? You can construct network architectures that are the superset of both, so that inferior performance could be avoided. 
The algorithm is clear but it is similar to the Dynamic Filter Networks paper. And I am unfortunately not convinced about the usefulness of this particular formulation. I'd expect a stronger paper with more insights into transformations and comparisons to standard techniques, a clear delineation of when this is advised.