The paper discusses sub modular sum-product networks as a tractable extension for classical sum-product networks. The proposed approach is evaluated on semantic segmentation tasks and some early promising results are provided.
Summary:
———
I think the paper presents a compelling technique for hierarchical reasoning in MRFs but the experimental results are not yet convincing. Moreover the writing is confusing at times. See below for details.
Quality: I think some of the techniques could be described more carefully to better convey the intuition.
Clarity: Some of the derivations and intuitions could be explained in more detail.
Originality: The suggested idea is great.
Significance: Since the experimental setup is somewhat limited according to my opinion, significance is hard to judge at this point in time.
Detailed comments:
———
1. I think the clarity of the paper would benefit significantly from fixes to inaccuracies. E.g., \alpha-expansion and belief propagation are not `scene-understanding algorithms' but rather approaches for optimizing energy functions. Computing the MAP state of an SSPN in time sub-linear in the network size seems counterintuitive because it means we are not allowed to visit all the nodes in the network. The term `deep probabilistic model' should probably be defined. The paper states that InferSSPN computes `the approximate MAP state of the SSPN (equivalently, the optimal parse of the image)' and I'm wondering how the `approximate MAP state' can be optimal. Etc.
2. Albeit being formulated for scene understanding tasks, no experiments demonstrate the obtained results of the proposed technique. To assess the applicability of the proposed approach a more detailed analysis is required. More specifically, the technique is evaluated on a subset of images which makes comparison to any other approach impossible. According to my opinion, either a conclusive experimental evaluation using, e.g., IoU metric should be given in the paper, or a comparison to publicly available results is possible.
3. To simplify the understanding of the paper a more intuitive high-level description is desirable. Maybe the authors can even provide an intuitive visualization of their approach.