The paper proposes two methods for what is called wild variational inference. 
The goal is to obtain samples from the variational approximate distribution q 
without requiring to evaluate the density q(z) by which it becomes possible to 
consider more flexible family of distributions. The authors apply the proposed 
method to the problem of optimizing the hyperparamter of the SGLD sampler. 
The experiments are performed on a 1-d mixture of gaussian distribution and 
Bayesian logistic regression tasks. 
The key contribution seems to connect the previous findings in SVGD and KSD 
to the concept of inference networks, and to use them for hyperparameter 
optimization of SGLD. This can not only be considered as a rather simple 
connection/extension, but also the toyish experiments are not enough to convince 
readers on the significance of the proposed model. Particularly, I'm wondering 
how the particle based methods can deal with the multimodality (not the simple
1d gaussian mixture case) in general. Also, the method seems still to require to evaluate
the true gradient of the target distribution (e.g., the posterior distribution) for 
each z ~ q. This seems to be a computational problem for large dataset settings. 
In the experiments, the authors compare the methods for the same number of 
update steps. But, considering the light computation of SGLD per update, I think 
SGLD can make much more updates per unit time than the proposed methods, 
particularly for large datasets. The Bayesian logistic regression on 54 dimensions
seems also a quite simple experiment, considering that its posterior is close to 
a Gaussian distribution. Also, including Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC) with 
automatic hyperparameter tuning mechanism (like, no u-turn sampler) would be
interesting.
The paper is written very unclearly. Especially, it is not clear what is the exact
contributions of the paper compared to the other previous works including the
authors' works. The main message is quite simple but most of the pages are 
spent to explain previous works. 
Overall, I'd like to suggest to have more significant high-dimension, large scale 
experiments, and to improve the writing.