This paper considers the problem of decoding diverge solutions from neural sequence models. It basically adds an additional term to the log-likelihood of standard neural sequence models, and this additional term will encourage the solutions to be diverse. In addition to solve the inference, this paper uses a modified beam search.
On the plus side, there is not much work on producing diverse solutions in RNN/LSTM models. This paper represents one of the few works on this topic. And this paper is well-written and easy to follow.
The novel of this paper is relatively small. There has been a lot of prior work on producing diverse models in the area of probailistic graphical models. Most of them introduce an additional term in the objective function to encourage diversity. From that perspective, the solution proposed in this paper is not that different from previous work. Of course, one can argue that most previous work focues on probabilistic graphical models, while this paper focuses on RNN/LSTM models. But since RNN/LSTM can be simply interpreted as a probabilistic model, I would consider it a small novelty.
The diverse beam search seems to straightforward, i.e. it partitions the beam search space into groups, and does not consider the diversity within group (in order to reduce the search space). To me, this seems to be a simple trick. Note most previous work on diverse solutions in probabilistic graphical models usually involve developing some nontrivial algorithmic solutions, e.g. in order to achieve efficiency. In comparison, the proposed solution in this paper seems to be simplistic for a paper.
The experimental results how improvement over previous methods (Li & Jurafsky, 2015, 2016). But it is hard to say how rigorous the comparisons are, since they are based on the authors' own implementation of (Li & Jurasky, 2015, 2016).
---------------
update: given that the authors made the code available (I do hope the code will remain publicly available), this has alleviated some of my concerns about the rigor of the experiments. I will raise my rate to 6.