Update: I thank the author for his comments! At this point, the paper is still not suitable for publication, so I'm leaving the rating untouched.
This paper proposes a transfer learning method addressing optimization complexity and class imbalance.
My main concerns are the following:
1. The paper is quite hard to read due to typos, unusual phrasing and loose use of terminology like "distributed", "transfer learning" (meaning "fine-tuning"), "softmax" (meaning "fully-connected"), "deep learning" (meaning "base neural network"),  etc. I'm still not sure I got all the details of the actual algorithm right.
2. The captions to the figures and tables are not very informative – one has to jump back and forth through the paper to understand what the numbers/images mean.
3. From what I understand, the authors use "conventional transfer learning" to refer to fine-tuning of the fully-connected layers only (I'm judging by Figure 1). In this case, it's essential to compare the proposed method with regimes when some of the convolutional layers are also updated. This comparison is not present in the paper.
Comments on the pre-review questions:
1. Question 1: If the paper only considers the case |C|==|L|, it would be better to reduce the notation clutter.
2. Question 2: It is still not clear what the authors mean by distributed transfer learning. Figure 1 is supposed to highlight the difference from the conventional approach (fine-tuning of the fully-connected layers; by the way, I don't think, Softmax is a conventional term for fully-connected layers). From the diagram, it follows that the base CNN has the same number of convolutional filters at every layer and, in order to obtain a distributed ensemble, we need to connect (for some reason) filters with the same indices. This does not make a lot of sense to me but I'm probably misinterpreting the figure. Could the authors revise the diagram to make it clearer?
Overall, I think the paper needs significant refinement in order improve the clarity of presentation and thus cannot be accepted as it is now.