The paper investigates a hybrid network consisting of a scattering network followed by a convolutional network. By using scattering layers, the number of parameters is reduced, and the first layers are guaranteed to be stable to deformations. Experiments show that the hybrid network achieves reasonable performance, and outperforms the network-in-network architecture in the small-data regime.
I have often heard researchers ask why it is necessary to re-learn low level features of convolutional networks every time they are trained. In theory, using fixed features could save parameters and training time. As far as I am aware, this paper is the first to investigate this question. In my view, the results show that using scattering features in the bottom layers does not work as well as learned CNN features. This is not completely obvious a priori, and so the results are interesting, but I disagree with the framing that the hybrid network is superior in terms of generalization.
For the low-data regime, the hybrid network sometimes gives better accuracy than NiN, but this is quite an old architecture and its capacity has not been tuned to the dataset size. For the full dataset, the hybrid network is clearly outperformed by fully learned models. If I understood correctly, the authors have not simply compared identical architectures with and without scattering as the first layers, which further complicates drawing a conclusion.
The authors claim the hybrid network has the theoretical advantage of stability. However, only the first layers of a hybrid network will be stable, while the learned ones can still create instability. Furthermore, if potentially unstable deep networks outperform stable scattering nets and partially-stable hybrid nets, we have to question the importance of stability as defined in the theory of scattering networks. 
In conclusion, I think the paper investigates a relevant question, but I am not convinced that the hybrid network really generalizes better than standard deep nets. Faster computation (at test time) could be useful e.g. in low power and mobile devices, but this aspect is not really fleshed out in the paper.
Minor comments:
-section 3.1.2: "learni"