This paper proposes a regularization technique for k-shot learning based on orthogonal grouping of units in a neural network. The units within a group are forced to be maximally similar, at the same time the units from different groups are encouraged to be orthogonal. While I like the motivation of the approach, the empirical analysis provided in the paper doesn't look particularly convincing.
My main concerns are the following:
1. The method is sensitive to the values of alpha and beta and a poor choice of those hyperparameters can lead to a quite drastic drop in performance comparing the minor gains one gets when alpha and beta are set properly.
2. It seems strange that the best performance is obtained when the group's size ratio is 0.5. From the figures in the paper, it follows that usually, one has more "orthogonal" groups in a filter bank. I have an impression that the empirical evidence doesn't align well with the motivation of the proposed approach.
3. The paper contains a significant amount of typos and incorrectly formatted references. There are also several places in the manuscript that I found hard to understand due to unusual phrasing.
I would like to thank the authors for answering/addressing my pre-review questions. I would be grateful if the authors could provide more clarifications of the following:
1. Question 2: I'm not sure if modifying \theta{map} alone would result in any learning at all. Do I understand correctly that \theta{map} is only used to define groups? If so, then I don't see how the proposed method can be used in the purely unsupervised regime.
2. Question 3: I was not referring to the fixed clustering based on the filter of the pre-trained network. One can perform that clustering at every step of the k-shot learning process. I'm not sure I understand why the authors visualize grouping of filters while in the actual algorithm they group activations. 
Overall, the paper is quite interesting but needs a stronger empirical justification of the approach as well as a better presentation of the material.