The authors present a general framework for defining a wide variety of recurrent neural network architectures, including seq2seq models, tree-structured models, attention, and a new family of dynamically connected architectures. The framework defines a new, general-purpose recurrent unit called the TBRU, which takes a transition system, defining and constraining its inputs and outputs, and input function which defines the mapping between raw inputs and fixed-width vector representations, and recurrence function that defines the inputs to each recurrent step as a function of the current state, and an RNN cell that computes the output from the input (fixed and recurrent). Many example instantiations of this framework are provided, including sequential tagging RNNs, Google's Parsey McParseface parser, encoder/decoder networks, tree LSTMs and less familiar examples that demonstrate the power this framework. 
The most interesting contribution of this work is the ease by which it can be used to incorporate dynamic recurrent connections through the definition of the transition system. In particular, this paper explores the application of these dynamic connections to syntactic dependency parsing, both as a standalone task, and by multitasking parsing with extractive summarization, using the same compositional phrase representations as features for the parser and summarization (previous work used discrete parse features), which is particularly simple/elegant in this framework. In experimental results, the authors demonstrate that such multitasking leads to more accurate summarization models, and using the framework to incorporate more structure into existing parsing models also leads to increased accuracy with no big-oh efficiency loss (compared with e.g. attention). 
The "raison d'etre," in particular the example, perhaps described even more thoroughly/explicitly, should be made as clear as possible as soon as possible. This is the most important contribution, but it gets lost in the description and presentation as a framework — emphasizing that attention, seq2seq, etc can be represented in the framework is distracting and makes it seem less novel than it is. AnonReviewer6 clearly missed this point, as did I in my first pass over the paper. To get this idea across and to emphasize the benefits of this representation, I'd love to see more detailed analysis of these representations and their importance to achieving your experimental results. I think it would also be helpful to emphasize the difference between a stack LSTM and Example 6. 
Overall I think this paper presents a valuable contribution, though the exposition could be improved and analysis of experimental results expanded.