The proposed approach consists in a greedy layer wise initialization strategy for a deep MLP model, which is followed by global gradient-descent with dropout for fine-tuning. The initialization strategy uses a first randomly initialized sigmoid layer for dimensionality expansion followed by 2 sigmoid layers whose weights are initialized by Marginal Fisher Analysis (MFA) which learns a linear dimensionality reduction based on a neighborhood graph constructed using class label information (i.e. supervised dimensionality reduction). Output layer is a standard softmax layer.
The approach is thus to be added to a growing list of heuristic layer-wise initialization schemes.
The particular choice of initialization strategy, while reasonable, is not sufficiently well motivated in the paper relative to alternatives, and thus feels rather arbitrary.
The paper lacks clarity in the description of the approach:  MFA is poorly explained with undefined notations (in Eq. 4, what is A? It has not been properly defined); the precise use of alluded denoising in the model is also unclear (is there really training of an additional denoting objective, or just input corruption?).
The question of the (arguably mild) inconsistency of applying a linear dimensionality reduction algorithm, that is trained without any sigmoid, and then passing its learned representation through a sigmoid is not even raised. This, in addition to the fact that sigmoid hidden layers are no longer commonly used (why did you not also consider using RELUs?).
More importantly I suspect methodological problems with the experimental comparisons: the paper mentions using default values for learning-rate and momentum, and having (arbitrarily?) fixed epoch to 400 (no early stopping?) and L2 regularization to 1e-4 for some models. 
All hyper parameters should always be properly hyper-optimized using a validation set (or cross-validation) including early-stopping, and this separately for each model under comparison (ideally also including layer sizes). This is all the more important since you are considering smallish datasets, so that the various initialization strategies act mainly as different indirect regularization schemes: they thus need to be carefully tuned. This casts serious doubts as to the amount of hyper-parameter tuning (close to none?) that went into training the alternative models used for comparison. 
The Marginal Fisher Analysis dimensionality reduction initialization strategy may well offer advantages, but as it currently stands this paper doesn't yet make a sufficiently convincing case for it, nor provide useful insights into the nature of the expected advantages.
I would also suggest, for image inputs such as CIFAR10, to use the qualitative tool of showing the filters (back projected to input space) learned by the different initialization schemes under consideration, as this could help visually gain insight as to what sets methods apart.