The authors introduce some new prior and approximate posterior families for variational autoencoders, which are compatible with the reparameterization trick, as well as being capable of expressing multiple modes. They also introduce a gating mechanism between prior and posterior. They show improvements on bag of words document modeling, and dialogue response generation. The original abstract is overly strong in its assertion that a unimodal latent prior p(z) cannot fit a multimodal marginal int_z p(x|z)p(x)dz with a DNN response model p(x|z) ("it cannot possibly capture more complex aspects of the data distribution", "critical restriction", etc).
While the assertion that a unimodal latent prior is necessary to model multimodal observations is false, there are sensible motivations for the piecewise constant prior and posterior. For example, if we think of a VAE as a sort of regularized autoencoder where codes are constrained to "fill up" parts of the prior latent space, then there is a sphere-packing argument to be made that filling a Gaussian prior with Gaussian posteriors is a bad use of code space. Although the authors don't explore this much, a hypercube-based tiling of latent code space is a sensible idea.
As stated, I found the message of the paper to be quite sloppy with respect to the concept of "multi-modality." There are 3 types of multimodality at play here: multimodality in the observed marginal distribution p(x), which can be captured by any deep latent Gaussian model, multimodality in the prior p(z), which makes sense in some situations (e.g. a model of MNIST digits could have 10 prior modes corresponding to latent codes for each digit class), and multimodality in the posterior z for a given observation xi, q(zi|x_i). The final type of multimodality is harder to argue for, except in so far as it allows the expression of flexibly shaped distributions without highly separated modes. I believe flexible posterior approximations are important to enable fine-grained and efficient tiling of latent space, but I don't think these need to have multiple strong modes. I would be interested to see experiments demonstrating otherwise for real world data.
I think this paper should be more clear about the different types of multi-modality and which parts of their analysis demonstrate which ones. I also found it unsatisfactory that the piecewise variable analysis did not show different components of the multi-modal prior corresponding to different words, but rather just a separation between the Gaussian and the piecewise variables.
As I mention in my earlier questions, I found it surprising that the learned variance and mean for the Gaussian prior helps so dramatically with G-NVDM likelihood when the powerful networks transforming to and from latent space should make it scale-invariant. Explicitly separating out the contributions of a reimplemented base model, prior-posterior interpolation and the learned prior parameters would strengthen these experiments. Overall, the very strong improvements on the text modeling task over NVDM seem hard to understand, and I would like to see an ablation analysis of all the differences between that model and the proposed one.
The fact that adding more constant components helps for document modeling is interesting, and it would be nice to see more qualitative analysis of what the prior modes represent. I also would be surprised if posterior modes were highly separated, and if they were it would be interesting to explore if they corresponded to e.g. ambiguous word-senses.
The experiments on dialog modeling are mostly negative results, quantitatively. The observation that the the piecewise constant variables encode time-related words and the Gaussian variables encode sentiment is interesting, especially since it occurs in both sets of experiments. This is actually quite interesting, and I would be interested in seeing analysis of why this is the case. As above, I would like to see an analysis of the sorts of words that are encoded in the different prior modes and whether they correspond to e.g. groups of similar holidays or days.
In conclusion, I think the piecewise constant variational family is a good idea, although it is not well-motivated by the paper. The experimental results are very good for document modeling, but without ablation analysis against the baseline it is hard to see why they should be with such a small modification in G-NVDM. The fact that H-NVDM performs better is interesting, though. This paper should better motivate the need for different types of multi-modality, and demonstrate that those sorts of things are actually being captured by the model. As it is, the paper introduces an interesting variational family and shows that it performs better for some tasks, but the motivation and analysis is not clearly focused. To demonstrate that this is a broadly applicable family, it would also be good to do experiments on a more standard datasets like MNIST. Even without an absolute log-likelihood improvement, if the method yielded interpretable multiple modes this would be a valuable contribution.