UPDATE: I have read the authors' rebuttal and also the other comments in this paper's thread. My thoughts have not changed.
The authors propose using a mixture prior rather than a uni-modal
prior for variational auto-encoders. They argue that the simple
uni-modal prior "hinders the overall expressivity of the learned model
as it cannot possibly capture more complex aspects of the data
distribution."
I find the motivation of the paper suspicious because while the prior
may be uni-modal, the posterior distribution is certainly not.
Furthermore, a uni-modal distribution on the latent variable space can
certainly still lead to the capturing of complex, multi-modal data
distributions. (As the most trivial case, take the latent variable
space to be a uniform distribution; take the likelihood to be a
point mass given by applying the true data distribution's inverse CDF
to the uniform. Such a model can capture any distribution.)
In addition, multi-modality is arguably an overfocused concept in the
literature, where the (latent variable) space is hardly anymore worth
capturing from a mixture of simple distributions when it is often a
complex nonlinear space. It is unclear from the experiments how much
the influence of the prior's multimodality influences the posterior to
capture more complex phenomena, and whether this is any better than
considering a more complex (but still reparameterizable) distribution
on the latent space.
I recommend that this paper be rejected, and encourage the authors to
more extensively study the effect of different priors.
I'd also like to make two additional comments:
While there is no length restriction at ICLR, the 14 page document can
be significantly condensed without loss of describing their innovation
or clarity. I recommend the authors do so.
Finally, I think it's important to note the controversy in this paper.
It was submitted with many significant incomplete details (e.g., no experiments,
many missing citations, a figure placed inside that was pencilled in
by hand, and several missing paragraphs). These details were not
completed until roughly a week(?) later. I recommend the chairs discuss
this in light of what should be allowed next year.