The authors propose a recurrent variational neural network approach to modelling volatility in financial time series. This model consists of an application of Chung et al.'s (2015) VRNN model to volatility forecasting, wherein a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) structure is repeated at each time step of the series. 
The paper is well written and easy to follow (although this reviewer suggests applying a spelling checking, since the paper contains a number of harmless typos). 
The paper's main technical contribution is to stack two levels of recurrence, one for the latent process and one for the observables. This appears to be a novel, if minor contribution. The larger contribution is methodological, in areas of time series modelling that are both of great practical importance and have hitherto been dominated by rigid functional forms. The demonstration of the applicability and usefulness of general-purpose non-linear models for volatility forecasting would be extremely impactful.
I have a few comments and reservations with the paper:
1) Although not  mentioned explicitly, the authors' framework are couched in terms of carrying out one-timestep-ahead forecasts of volatility. However, many applications of volatility models, for instance for derivative pricing, require longer-horizon forecasts. It would be interesting to discuss how this model could be extended to forecast at longer horizons.
 
2) In Section 4.4, there's a mention that a GARCH(1,1) is conditionally deterministic. This is true only when forecasting 1 time-step in the future. At longer horizons, the GARCH(1,1) volatility forecast is not deterministic. 
3) I was initially unhappy with the limitations of the experimental validation, limited to comparison with a baseline GARCH model. However, the authors provided more comparisons in the revision, which adds to the quality of the results, although the models compared against cannot be considered state of the art. It would be well advised to look into R packages such as `stochvol' and 'fGarch' to get implementations of a variety of models that can serve as useful baselines, and provide convincing evidence that the modelled volatility is indeed substantially better than approaches currently entertained by the finance literature.
4) In Section 5.2, more details should be given on the network, e.g. number of hidden units, as well as the embedding dimension D_E (section 5.4)
5) In Section 5.3, more details should be given on the data generating process for the synthetic data experiments. 
6) Some results in the appendix are very puzzling: around jumps in the price series, which are places where the volatility should spike, the model reacts instead by huge drops in the volatility (Figure 4(b) and (c), respectively around time steps 1300 and 1600). This should be explained and discussed.
All in all, I think that the paper provides a nice contribution to the art of volatility modelling. In spite of some flaws, it provides a starting point for the broader impact of neural time series processing in the financial community.