This paper implements the method of Jonschkowski & Brock to learn a low-dimensional state representation represented as the last layer of a neural network. The experiments apply the method for learning a one-dimensional state representation of a simulated robot's head position from synthetic images.
Learning state representations is an active and useful area of research for learning representations in interactive domains such as robotics. However, there seems to be no novelty in the method, over Jonschkowki & Brock. The primary contribution is the experimental evaluation performed on one task, where the paper evaluates the correlation between the learned state representation and the ideal state representation for the task (which is the robot's head position).
As acknowledged by the authors, the experiments are very preliminary, only showing one simple task with a one-dimensional learned representation and a two-dimensional discrete action space. To make the experiments compelling, there need to be comparisons to prior methods such as Lange et al. '12, Watter et al. NIPS '15, and Finn et al. ICRA '16 which also learn state representations from raw images. PCA on the images would also be a useful comparison, especially for simple tasks. Without these comparisons, it is impossible to evaluate the effectiveness of the method.
Lastly, as mentioned in the pre-review questions, the related work should include a discussion of other state representation learning methods such as Watter et al. NIPS '15, Finn et al. ICRA '16, and van Hoof et al. IROS '16.
In summary, this paper lacks novelty and significance, as the paper implements an existing method and demonstrates results on only one simple task. Without comparisons, the results are impossible to interpret. More challenging tasks and experimental comparisons would significantly improve the paper. Additionally, this paper does not introduce any novel contributions to state representation learning for solving challenges in this domain. One pro is that the paper is generally written clearly.