The paper proposes a way to learn continuous features for input data which consists of multiple categorical data. The idea is to embed each category in a learnable low dimensional continuous space, explicitly compute the pair-wise interaction among different categories in a given input sample (which is achieved by either taking a component-wise dot product or component-wise addition), perform k-max pooling to select a subset of the most informative interactions, and repeat the process some number of times, until you get the final feature vector of the given input. This feature vector is then used as input to a classifier/regressor to accomplish the final task. The embeddings of the categories are learnt in the usual way. In the experiment section, the authors show on a synthetic dataset that their procedure is indeed able to select the relevant interactions in the data. On one real world dataset (iPinYou) the model seems to outperform a couple of simple baselines. 
My major concern with this paper is that their's nothing new in it. The idea of embedding the categorical data having mixed categories has already been handled in the past literature, where essentially one learns a separate lookup table for each class of categories: an input is represented by concatenation of the embeddings from these lookup table, and a non-linear function (a deep network) is plugged on top to get the features of the input. The only rather marginal contribution is the explicit modeling of the interactions among categories in equations 2/3/4/5. Other than that there's nothing else in the paper. 
Not only that, I feel that these interactions can (and should) automatically be learned by plugging in a deep convolutional network on top of the embeddings of the input. So I'm not sure how useful the contribution is. 
The experimental section is rather weak. They authors test their method on a single real world data set against a couple of rather weak baselines. I would have much preferred for them to evaluate against numerous models proposed in the literature which handle similar problems, including wsabie. 
While the authors argued in their response that wsabie was not suited for their problem, i strongly disagree with that claim. While the original wsabie paper showed experiments using images as inputs, their training methodology can easily be extended to other types of data sets, including categorical data. For instance, I conjecture that the model i proposed above (embed all the categorical inputs, concatenate the embeddings, plug a deep conv-net on top and train using some margin loss) will perform as well if not better than the hand coded interaction model proposed in this paper. Of course I could be wrong, but it would be far more convincing if their model was tested against such baselines.