This paper trains a generative model of image patches, where dictionary elements undergo gated linear transformations before being combined. The transformations are motivated in terms of Lie group operators, though in practice they are a set of fixed linear transformations. This is motivated strongly in terms of learning a hierarchy of transformations, though only one layer is used in the experiments (except for a toy case in the appendix).
I like the motivation for this algorithm. The realization seems very similar to a group or block sparse coding implementation. I was disappointed by the restriction to linear transformations. The experiments were all toy cases, demonstrating that the algorithm can learn groups of Gabor- or center surround-like features. They would have been somewhat underpowered five years ago, and seemed extremely small by today's standards.
Specific comments:
Based on common practices in ML literature, I have a strong bias to think of $x$ as inputs and $w$ as network weights. Latent variables are often $z$ or $a$. Depending on your target audience, I would suggest permuting your choice of symbols so the reader can more quickly interpret your model.
nit: number all equations for easier reference
sec 2.2 -- It's weird that the transformation is fixed, but is still written as a function of x.
sec 2.3 -- The updated text here confuses me actually. I had thought that you were using a fixed set of linear transformations, and were motivating in terms of Lie groups, but were not actually taking matrix exponentials in your algorithm. The equations in the second half of this section suggest you are working with matrix exponentials though. I'm not sure which direction I'm confused in, but probably good to clarify the text either way.
BTW -- there's another possible solution to the local minima difficulty, which is the one used in Sohl-Dickstein, 2010. There, they introduce blurring operators matched to each transformation operator, and gradient descent can escape local minima by detouring through coarser (more blurred) scales.
sec 3.2 -- I believe by degrees of freedom you mean the number of model parameters, not the number of latent coefficients that must be inferred? Should make this more clear. Is it more appropriate to compare reconstruction error while matching number of model parameters, or number of latent variables?
I wonder if a convolutional version of this algorithm would be practical / would make it more suited as a generative model of whole images.
====
post rebuttal update
Thank you for taking the time to write the rebuttal! I have read it, but it did not significantly effect my rating.