The paper proposes a nonlinear regularizer for solving ill-posed inverse problems. The latent variables (or causal factors) corresponding to the observed data are assumed to lie near a low dimensional subspace in an RKHS induced by a predetermined kernel. The proposed regularizer can be seen as an extension of the linear low-rank assumption on the latent factors. A nuclear norm penalty on the Cholesky factor of the kernel matrix is used as a relaxation for the dimensionality of the subspace. Empirical results are reported on two tasks involving linear inverse problems -- missing feature imputation, and estimating non-rigid 3D structures from a sequence of 2D orthographic projections -- and the proposed method is shown to outperform linear low-rank regularizer. 
The clarity of the paper has scope for improvement (particularly, Introduction) - the back and forth b/w dimensionality reduction techniques and inverse problems is confusing at times. Clearly defining the ill-posed inverse problem first and then motivating the need for a regularizer (which brings dimensionality reduction techniques into the picture) may be a more clear flow in my opinion. 
The motivation behind relaxation of rank() in Eq 1 to nuclear-norm in Eq 2 is not clear to me in this setting. The relaxation does not yield a convex problem over S,C (Eq 5) and also increases the computations (Algo 2 needs to do full SVD of K(S) every time). The authors should discuss pros/cons over the alternate approach that fixes the rank of C (which can be selected using cross-validation, in the same way as $\tau$ is selected), leaving just the first two terms in Eq 5. For this simpler objective, an interesting question to ask would be -- are there kernel functions for which it can solved in a scalable manner? 
The proposed alternating optimization approach in the current form is computationally intensive and seems hard to scale to even moderate sized data -- in every iteration one needs to compute the kernel matrix over S and perform full SVD over the kernel matrix (Algo 2). Empirical evaluations are also not extensive -- (i) the dataset used for feature imputation is old and non-standard, (ii) for structure estimation from motion on CMU dataset, the paper only compares with linear low-rank regularization, (iii) there is no comment/study on the convergence of the alternating procedure (Algo 1).