UPDATE:
I looked at the arxiv version of the paper. It is much longer and appears more rigorous. Fig 3 there is indeed more insightful.
However, I am reviewing the submission and my overall assessment does not change. This is not a minor incremental contribution, and if you want to compress it into a conference submission of this type, I would recommend choosing message you want to convey, and focus on that. As you say, "...ICLR submission focus on the ParMAC algorithm...", I would focus on this properly - and remove or move to appendix all extensions and theoretical remarks, and have an extra page on explaining the algorithm. Additionally, make sure to clearly explain the relation of the arxiv paper, in particular that the submission was a compressed version.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
The submission proposes ParMAC, based on MAC (Method of Auxiliary Coordinates), formulating a distributed variant of the idea.
Related Work: In the part on convex ERM and methods, I would recommend citing general communication efficient frameworks, COCOA (Ma et al.) and AIDE (Reddi et al.). I believe these works are most related to the practical objectives authors of this paper set, while number of the papers cited are less relevant.
Section 2, explaining MAC, is quite clearly written, but I do not find part on MAC and EM particularly useful.
Section 3 is much less clearly written. I have trouble following notation, particularly in the speedups part, as different symbols were introduced at different places. Perhaps a quick summary or paragraph on notation in the introduction would be helpful. In paragraph 2, you write as if reader knew how data/anything is distributed, but this was not mentioned yet; it is specified later. It is not clear what is meant by "submodel". Perhaps a more precise example pointing back to eqs (1) & (2) would be useful. As far as I understand from what is written, there are P independent sets of submodels, that traverse the machines in circular fashion. I don't understand how are they initialized (identically?), and more importantly I don't understand what would be a single output of the algorithm (averaging? does not seem to make sense). Since this is not addressed, I suppose I get it wrong, leaving me to guess what was actually meant. 
The fact that I am not able to understand what is actually happening, I see as major issue.
I don't like the later paragraphs on extensions, model for speedup, convergence and topologies. I don't understand whether these are novel contributions or not, as the authors refer to other work for details. If these are novel, the explanation is not sufficient, particularly speedup part, which contains undefined quantities, e.g. T(P) (or I can't find it). If this is not novel, It does not provide enough explanation to understand anything more, compared with a its version compressed to 1/4 of its size and referring to the other work. The statement that we can recover the original convergence guarantees seems strong and I don't see why it should be trivial to show (but author point to other work which I did not look at). In topologies part, claiming that something does "true SGD", without explaining what is "true SGD" seems very strange. Other statements in this section seem also very vague and unjustified/unexplained.
Experimental section seems to suggest that the method is interesting for binary autoencoders, but I don't see how would I conclude anything about any other models. ParMAC is also not compared to alternative methods, only with itself, focusing on scaling properties.
Conclusion contains statements that are too strong or misleading based on what I saw. In particular, "we analysed its parallel speedup and convergence" seems ungrounded. Further, the claim "The convergence properties of MAC remain essentially unaltered in ParMAC" is unsupported, regardless of the meaning of "essentially unchanged".
In summary, the method seems relevant for particular model class, binary autoencoders, but clarity of presentation is insufficient - I wouldn't be able to recreate the algorithm used in experiments - and the paper contains a number of questionable claims.