1029 tic-tac-toe boards are rendered (in various ways). These 1029 boards are legal boards where the next legal play can end the game. There are 18 categories of such boards -- 9 for the different locations of the next play, and 2 for the color of the next play. The supervision is basically saying "If you place a black square in the middle right, black will win" or "if you place a white square in the upper left, white will win". A CNN is trained to predict these 18 categories and can do so with 100% accuracy.
The focus of the paper is using Zhou et al's Class Activation Mapping to show where the CNN focuses when making it's decision. As I understand it, an input to CAM is the class of interest. So let's say it is class 1 (black wins with a play to the bottom right square, if I've deciphered figure 2 correctly. Figure 2 should really be more clear about what each class is). So we ask CAM to determine the area of focus of the CNN for deciding whether class 1 is exhibited. The focus ends up being on the empty bottom right square (because certainly you can't exhibit class 1 if the bottom right square is occupied). The CNN also needs to condition its decision on other parts of the board -- it needs to know whether there will be 3 in a row from some direction. But maybe that conditioning is weaker?
That's kind of interesting but I'm not sure about the deeper statements about discovering game rules that the paper hints at. I'm also not sure about the connection of this work to weakly supervised learning or multi-modal learning.
The paper is pretty well written, overall, with some grammatical mistakes, but I simply don't see the surprising discovery of this work. 
I also have some concerns about how contrived this scenario is -- using a big, expressive CNN for such a simple game domain and using a particular CNN visualization method.
I am not an expert in reinforcement learning (which isn't happening in this paper, but is in related works on CNN game playing), so maybe I'm not appreciating the paper appropriately.