The authors propose to measure "feature importance", or specifically, which pixels contribute most to a network's classification of an image. A simple (albeit not particularly effective) heuristic for measuring feature importance is to measure the gradients of the predicted class wrt each pixel in an input image I. This assigns a score to each pixel in I (that ranks how much the output prediction would change if a given pixel were to change). In this paper, the authors build on this and propose to measure feature importance by computing gradients of the output wrt scaled version of the input image, alpha*I, where alpha is a scalar between 0 and 1, then summing across all values of alpha to obtain their feature importance score. Here the scaling is simply linear scaling of the pixel values (alpha=0 is all black image, alpha=1 is original image). The authors call these scaled images "counterfactuals" which seems like quite an unnecessarily grandiose name for literally, a scaled image. 
The authors show a number of visualizations that indicate that the proposed feature importance score is more reasonable than just looking at gradients only with respect to the original image. They also show some quantitative evidence that the pixels highlighted by the proposed measure are more likely to fall on the objects rather than spurious parts of the image (in particular, see figure 5). The method is also applied to other types of networks. The quantitative evidence is quite limited and most of the paper is spent on qualitative results.
While the goal of understanding deep networks is of key importance, it is not clear whether this paper really help elucidate much. The main interesting observation in this paper is that scaling an image by a small alpha (i.e. creating a faint image) places more "importance" on pixels on the object related to the correct class prediction. Beyond that, the paper builds a bit on this, but no deeper insight is gained. The authors propose some hand-wavy explanation of why using small alpha (faint image) may force the network to focus on the object, but the argument is not convincing. It would have been interesting to try to probe a bit deeper here, but that may not be easy.
Ultimately, it is not clear how the proposed scheme for feature importance ranking is useful. First, it is still quite noisy and does not truly help understand what a deep net is doing on a particular image. Performing a single gradient descent step on an image (or on the collection of scaled versions of the image) hardly begins to probe the internal workings of a network. Moreover, as the authors admit, the scheme makes the assumption that each pixel is independent, which is clearly false.
Considering the paper presents a very simple idea, it is far too long. The main paper is 14 pages, up to 19 with references and appendix. In general the writing is long-winded and overly verbose. It detracted substantially from the paper. The authors also define unnecessary terminology. "Gradients of Coutnerfactuals" sounds quite fancy, but is not very related to the ideas explored in the writing. I would encourage the authors to tighten up the writing and figures down to a more readable page length, and to more clearly spell out the ideas explored early on.