This paper aims to characterize the perceptual ability of a neural network under different input conditions.  This is done by manipulating the input image x in various ways (e.g. downsamplig, foveating), and training an auto-encoder to reconstruct the original full-resolution image.  MSE and qualitative results are shown and compared for the different input conditions.
Unfortunately, this paper seems to lack focus, presenting a set of preliminary inspections with few concrete conclusions.  For example, at the end of sec 4.4, "This result is not surprising, given that FOV-R contains additional information .... These results suggests that a small number of foveations containing rich details might be all these neural networks need....".  But this hypothesis is left dangling:  What detailed regions are needed, and from where?  For what sort of tasks?
Secondly, it isn't clear to me what reconstruction behaviors are caused by a fundamental perception of the input, and what are artifacts of the autoencoder and pixelwise l2 loss?  A prime example is texture, which the autoencoder fails to recover.  But with a pixelwise loss, the network must predict high-frequency textures nearly pixel-for-pixel at training time; if this is impossible, then it will generate a pixelwise average of the training samples --- a flat region.  So then the network's inability to reconstruct textures is due to a problem generating them, specifically averaging from the training loss, not necessarily an issue in perceiving textures.  A network trained a different way (perhaps an adversarial network) may infer a texture is there, even if it wouldn't be able to generate it in a pixelwise l2 sense.
Similarly, the ability to perform color reconstruction given a color glimpse I think has much to do with disambiguating the color of an object/scene:  If there is an ambiguity, the network won't know which to "choose" (white flower or yellow flower?) and output an average, which is why there are so many sepia tones.  However, in its section on this, the paper only measures the reconstruction error for different amounts of color given, and does not drill very far into any hypotheses for why this behavior occurs.
There are some interesting measurements here, such as the amount of color needed in the foveation to reconstruct a color image, and the discussion on global features, which may start to get at a mechanism by which glimpses may propagate to an entire reconstruction.  But overall it's hard to know what to take away from this paper.  What are larger concrete conclusions that can be garnered from the details, and what mechanisms bring them about?  Can these be more thoroughly explored with more focus?