This manuscript proposes an approach for modeling correlated timeseries through a combination of loss functions which depend on neural networks. The loss functions correspond to: data fit term, autoregressive latent state term, and a term which captures relations between pairs of timeseries (relations have to be given as prior information).
Modeling relational timeseries is a well-researched problem, however little attention has been given to it in the neural network community. Perhaps the reason for this is the importance of having uncertainty in the representation. The authors correctly identify this need and consider an approach which considers distributions in the state space.
The formulation is quite straightforward by combining loss functions. The model adds to Ziat et al. 2016 in certain aspects which are well motivated, but unfortunately implemented in an unconvincing way. To start with, uncertainty is not treated in a very principled way, since the inference in the model is rather naive; I'd expect employing a VAE framework [1] for better uncertainty handling. Furthermore, the Gaussian co-variance collapses into a variance, which is the opposite of what one would want for modelling correlated time-series. There are approaches which take these correlations into account in the states, e.g. [2].
Moreover, the treatment of uncertainty only allows for linear decoding function f. This significantly reduces the power of the model. State of the art methods in timeseries modeling have moved beyond this constraint, especially in the Gaussian process community e.g. [2,3,4,5]. Comparing to a few of these methods, or at least discussing them would be useful.
References:
[1] Kingma and Welling. Auto-encoding Variational Bayes. arXiv:1312.6114
[2] Damianou et al. Variational Gaussian process dynamical systems. NIPS 2011.
[3] Mattos et al. Recurrent Gaussian processes. ICLR 2016.
[4] Frigola. Bayesian Time Series Learning with Gaussian Processes, University of Cambridge, PhD Thesis, 2015. 
[5] Frigola et al. Variational Gaussian Process State-Space Models. NIPS 2014
One innovation is that the prior structure of the correlation needs to be given. This is a potentially useful and also original structural component. However, it also constitutes a limitation in some sense, since it is unrealistic in many scenarios to have this prior information. Moreover, the particular regularizer that makes "similar" timeseries to have closeness in the state space seems problematic. Some timeseries groups might be more "similar" than others, and also the similarity might be of different nature across groups. These variations cannot be well captured/distilled by a simple indicator variable e_ij. Furthermore, these variables are in practice taken to be binary (by looking at the experiments), which would make it even harder to model rich correlations. 
The experiments show that the proposed method works, but they are not entirely convincing. Importantly, they do not shed enough light into the different properties of the model w.r.t its different parts. For example, the effect and sensitivity of the different regularizers. The authors state in a pre-review answer that they amended with some more results, but I can't see a revision in openreview (please let me know if I've missed it). From the performance point of view, the results are not particularly exciting, especially given the fact that it's not clear which loss is better (making it difficult to use the method in practice). 
It would also be very interesting to report the optimized values of the parameters \lambda, to get an idea of how the different losses behave.
Timeseries analysis is a very well-researched area. Given the above, it's not clear to me why one would prefer to use this model over other approaches. Methodology wise, there are no novel components that offer a proven advantage with respect to past methods. The uncertainty in the states and the correlation of the time-series are the aspects which could add an advantage, but are not adequately researched in this paper.