This paper proposed a set of different things under the name of "sampling generative models", focusing on analyzing the learned latent space and synthesizing desirable output images with certain properties for GANs.  This paper does not have one single clear message or idea, but rather proposed a set of techniques that seem to produce visually good looking results.  While this paper has some interesting ideas, it also has a number of problems.
The spherical interpolation idea is interesting, but after a second thought this does not make much sense.  The proposed slerp interpolation equation (page 2) implicitly assumes that the two points q1 and q2 lie on the same sphere, in which case the parameter theta is the angle corresponding to the great arc connecting the two points on the sphere.  However, the latent space of a GAN, no matter trained with a uniform distribution or a Gaussian distribution, is not a distribution on a sphere, and many points have different distances to the origin.  The author's justification for this comes from the well known fact that in high dimensional space, even with a uniform distribution most points lie on a thin shell in the unit cube.  This is true because in high-dimensional space, the outer shell takes up most of the volume in space, and the inner part takes only a very small fraction of the space, in terms of volume.  This does not mean the density of data in the outer shell is greater than the inner part, though.  In a uniform distribution, the data density should be equal everywhere, a point on the outer shell is not more likely than a point in the inner part.  Under a Gaussian model, the data density is on the other hand higher in the center and much lower on the out side.  If we have a good model of data, then sampling the most likely points from the model should give us plausible looking samples.  In this sense, spherical interpolation should do no better than the normally used linear interpolation.  From the questions and answers it seems that the author does not recognize this distinction.  The results shown in this paper seem to indicate that spherical interpolation is better visually, but it is rather hard to make any concrete conclusions from three pairs of examples.  If this is really the case then there must be something else wrong about our understanding of the learned model.
Aside from these, the J-diagram and the nearest neighbor latent space traversal both seems to be good ways to explore the latent space of a learned model.  The attribute vector section on transforming images to new ones with desired attributes is also interesting, and it provides a few new ways to make the GAN latent space more interpretable.
Overall I feel most of the techniques proposed in this paper are nice visualization tools.  The contributions however, are mostly on the design of the visualizations, and not much on the technical and model side.  The spherical interpolation provides the only mathematical equation in the paper, yet the correctness of the technique is arguable.  For the visualization tools, there are also no quantitative evaluation, maybe these results are more art than science.