This paper introduces a maximum total correlation procedure, adds a target and then adds noise perturbations.
Technical issues:
The move from (1) to (2) is problematic. Yes it is a lower bound, but by igoring H(Z), equation (2) ignores the fact that H(Z) will potentially vary more significantly that H(Z|Y). As a result of removing H(Z), the objective (2) encourages Z that are low entropy as the H(Z) term is ignored, doubly so as low entropy Z results in low entropy Z|Y. Yes the -H(X|Z) mitigates against a complete entropy collapse for H(Z), but it still neglects critical terms. In fact one might wonder if this is the reason that semantic noise addition needs to be done anyway, just to push up the entropy of Z to stop it reducing too much.
In (3) arbitrary balancing paramters lamda1 and lambda2 are introduced ex-nihilo - they were not there in (2). This is not ever justified.
Then in (5), a further choice is made by simply adding L_{NLL} to the objective. But in the supervised case, the targets are known and so turn up in H(Z|Y). Hence now H(Z|Y) should be conditioned on the targets. However instead another objective is added again without justification, and the conditional entropy of Z is left disconnected from the data it is to be conditioned on. One might argue the C(X,Y,Z) simply acts as a prior on the networks (and hence implicitly on the weights) that we consider, which is then combined with a likelihood term, but this case is not made. In fact there is no explicit probabilistic or information theoretic motivation for the chosen objective.
Given these issues, it is then not too surprising that some further things need to be done, such as semantic noise addition to actually get things working properly. It may be the form of noise addition is a good idea, but given the troublesome objective being used in the first place, it is very hard to draw conclusions.
In summary, substantially better theoretical justification of the chosen model is needed, before any reasonable conclusion on the semantic noise modelling can be made.