The paper deals with an interesting application of adversarial training to encryption. It considers the standard scenario of Alice, Eve and Bob, where A and B aim to exchange messages conditioned on a shared key, while Eve should be unable to encrypt the message. Experiments are performed in a simple symmetric 16 bit encryption task, and an application on privacy. The concepts, ideas and previous literature are quite nicely and carefully presented.
The only major concern I have - and I apologize to the authors for not raising this earlier - are the experiments in section 3. In particular, I don't quite get the scenario. The reasoning here seems to be as follows: given information < A, B, C, D >, I want to give the public the value of D (e.g. movies watched) without releasing information about C (e.g. gender). In this scenario, Eve would need to be able to reconstruct D as good as possible without gaining information about C. What is described in section 3, however, is that D and D-public are both reconstructed by Bob, but why would Bob reconstruct the latter (he is not public, in particular because he is allowed to reconstruct C, which is not tested here)? Also, Eve only tries to estimate C, thus rendering the scenario not different in any way to the scenario considered in section 2.
I have two more minor concerns:
1) As raised in the pre-review, Eve should actually be stronger then Alice and Bob in order to be able to compensate for the missing key. The authors noted they have been doing these experiments and are going to add the results.
2) In any natural encryption case I would expect the length of the key to be much shorter then the length of the message. This, however, could potentially make the scenario much easier for Eve (although I doubt any of the results will change if the key is long enough).
I like the creative application of adversarial training to a completely different domain, and I believe it could be the starting point of a very interesting direction in cryptographic systems or in privacy applications (although it is unclear whether the weak guarantees of neural network based approaches can ever be overcome). At the same time the application in the privacy setting leaves me quite confused, and the symmetric encryption example is not particularly strong either. I'd appreciate if the authors could address the major concern I raised above, and I will be quite happy to raise the score in case this confusion can be resolved.