The submission proposes to modify the typical GAN architecture slightly to include "encrypt" (Alice) and "decrypt" (Bob) modules as well as a module trying to decrypt the signal without a key (Eve).  Through repeated transmission of signals, the adversarial game is intended to converge to a system in which Alice and Bob can communicate securely (or at least a designated part of the signal should be secure), while a sophisticated Eve cannot break their code.  Examples are given on toy data:
"As a proof-of-concept, we implemented Alice, Bob, and Eve networks that take N-bit random plain-text and key values, and produce N-entry floating-point ciphertexts, for N = 16, 32, and 64.  Both plaintext and key values are uniformly distributed."
The idea considered here is cute.  If some, but not necessarily all of the signal is meant to be secure, the modules can learn to encrypt and decrypt a signal, while an adversary is simultaneously learned that tries to break the encryption.  In this way, some of the data can remain unencrypted, while the portion that is e.g. correlated with the encrypted signal will have to be encrypted in order for Eve to not be able to predict the encrypted part.
While this is a nice thought experiment, there are significant barriers to this submission having a practical impact:
1) GANs, and from the convergence figures also the objective considered here, are quite unstable to optimize.  The only guarantees of privacy are for an Eve that is converged to a very strong adversary (stronger than a dedicated attack over time).  I do not see how one can have any sort of reliable guarantee of the safety of the data transmission from the proposed approach, at least the paper does not outline such a guarantee.
2) Public key encryption systems are readily available, computationally feasible, and successfully applied almost anywhere.  The toy examples given in the paper do not at all convince me that this is solving a real-world problem at this point.  Perhaps a good example will come up in the near future, and this work will be shown to be justified, but until such an example is shown, the approach is more of an interesting thought experiment.