The paper contributes a statistical method to "stitch" together sequentially imaged sets of neurons. Such a method expands the population sizes for which population dynamics can be characterized beyond the number of simultaneously imaged neurons and provide a better image of the circuit which cannot be imaged as a whole for experimental and technical limitations. The method is then applied on simulated data as well as on experimental calcium imaging data in mice. Authors show that they can estimate correlations in variability across two populations which were not imaged simultaneously. 
The Authors model the problem as fitting a latent dynamical system with missing observations. In this case they used simple linear Gaussian system. Four parameters were defined in the model: a functional coupling matrix, a stimuli receptive fields' matrix which models the stimulus dependence of the population activity and two covariance matrices for neural and measurement noise. The parameters were estimated from experimental data using a variant of standard EM algorithm. 
Quality 
The model works nicely on the simulated data with two non-overlapping populations of neurons but when applying on real data populations must have a certain level of overlap to get reasonable results. It is clear why the greater the overlap the better the results are, the question is why wasn't overlap necessary in the simulated data example? 
Also, the authors do not address the source for the great difference in correlation shown when applying the model on simulated data as in fig 2c and on real data as in fig 3b 
The beauty of the model is the recovery of pairwise correlations between non-simultaneously measured neuron pairs. 
Clarity 
The paper is well written, although all figure legends are not descriptive enough and the text related to the figures in the body of the paper does not elaborate enough on the figures. 
Originality 
The authors list several works which have addressed the question of inferring functional connectivity from 2-photon imaging data or electrophysiological measurements. However, these works do not infer functional connections of non-simultaneously imaged neurons. 
Significance 
There are many fundamental limits to the number of neurons which can be simultaneously imaged. That of course, limits our capabilities to reveal the nature of the neural computation at the level of the circuit (or more than a few hundreds of cells). This paper suggests a method for expanding these limited capabilities. 
 Overall, this is a good model paper, which uses a relatively simple linear dynamics model and captures measures which are not easy to retrieve otherwise.