The authors present an analysis for a class of Monte Carlo tree search algorithms using essentially (with some mild restrictions), any no-regret selection method. Their primary theoretical contribution is a proof of convergence to epsilon-Nash in the case of simultaneous moves. 
One weakness is that the convergence is asymptotic (no rates are provided) which is a necessary consequence of the authors' analysis since the selection method is assumed only to be epsilon-Hannan consistent. This is not necessarily detrimental since, as far as I can tell, there don't seem to exist any proofs of convergence for MCTS methods for extensive-form games with simultaneous moves. 
However, I think the question of rates is important, since we know that backwards induction will give us an exact equilibrium anyway. Do the authors know what rates are attained when a specific regret rate is assumed for the selection method, for example, by using the \sqrt{T} guaranteed by exp? 
The authors conclude with some experiments. They compare the approach of propagating mean reward values used in their analysis to the standard approach of propagating the current sample value. They find that mean values slightly underperform experimentally. Finally, they attempt to experimentally derive some insight on the convergence rate. 
To conclude: This is a well-written paper that is technically correct. I have a mild reservation regarding the ultimate significance of the work given the lack of convergence rates. On the one hand, MCTS methods are knows to work well in practice, so even if rates don't follow from the authors' analysis, establishing asymptotic convergence is a good first step. On the other hand, convergence results are already known for MCTS with sequential moves, so the result feels a little incremental. 
Nitpicks 
Figure 1: leafs --> leaves 
Line 144: negated, not "inverted," right? 
Line 10 of Algorithm 1: I think (a1,a2) should be (i,j), or possibly (\sigma1,\sigma2). This is especially confusing since a_{i,j} was introduced as notation for the payoffs in a single-stage matrix game. 
Line 172: It seems like notation hiccups from (i,j) to a's might continue throughout the paper. I'll stop pointing them out, but these should be edited.  This was a well-written paper, that I enjoyed reading. I have some reservations about its impact, given the lack of convergence rates in the analysis.