Reaction to the author feedback: 
I cannot agree with point (3): The work of Siracusa III and Fisher (AISTATS 2009) does not assume the data are iid, and it allows the "generating stucture" vary (even if only in a small set of graphical models). While the present proposed method is, in some sense, even more flexible, I'd find it misleading to claim that the proposed method is the first to address the problem. 
* 
The paper presents a hypothesis-testing based approach to learn graphical models in an online fashion from time series data. The proposed method is specifically targeted to scenarios where the "data generating" graphical model may change relatively frequently. The performance of the method is demonstrated using both simulated and real data. 
Quality 
The results seem correct. However, I find the description of related work (in Section 2) somewhat misleading: Typical score-based algorithms for learning Bayesian networks do not assume that the data come from a single generating model -- rather they assume the scoring function factorizes into local terms. It is true that typically studied models assume exchangeability (or, iid data), but this concerns the model, not the algorithm. 
Clarity 
While the presentation of the paper is mostly fine, there is room for improvement. Most importantly, the paper is somewhat unclear on what the actual learning task in question is: inferring change points (under some well formulated assumptions of the existence and nature of change points) or inferring the generating structure of the very last data point seen, or something else? Also, it is hard to tell whether the work is proposing a (new) model (meaning the formulations of assumptions and goals of learning) or (new) algorithm (meaning computational means to achieve the learning goals) or both. 
The paragraph at the end of page 3 is difficult to follow; e.g., does the given equation for \rho_{r+1} define it or has the definition been given before? I wonder why the authors do not use periods "." when ending a sentence with a displayed equation. An almost equally important issue is the font size in Figures 1-4: could it be doubled? Also, I would not mind having descriptions for the different colors in Figures 1 and 2. In Section 6, I got confused by the idea that improved tracking could compensate for the additional computational cost -- doesn't that depend on some very domain specific valuation of tracking accuracy against compuationally cost? 
Originality 
The work looks original. Yet it seems to lack any real innovation or novel idea. Maybe there is something in the construction of the p-values (that I am unfortunately not able to follow completely). 
Significance 
The potential significance of the present work (if published) is in that it would quickly lead to the development of superior, presumably Bayesian, methods for the problem. That should indeed be viewed rather as development as opposed to research. A heuristic-looking approach to a somewhat unclearly defined learning problem that existing machine learning machinery should already have solved.