This manuscript presents a systematic idea to make structure learning for SEMs 
work with data sets that are only locally i.i.d., that is, the data might be 
generated from distinct underlying models as time goes by. The paper is well 
written and easy to follow, and addresses an important problem, namely learning 
from time-dependent data, which has been neglected by many of the most used 
algorithms for structure learning. The techniques to extend the learning to 
time-dependent data are simple yet effective, according to the experiments with 
the PC method. 
There are two suggestions that could clarify the paper contributions. Firstly, 
in the experiments, it is said that "any other standard graphical model 
structure learning algorithms would perform similarly, ..." I believe this 
assertion to be too strong. The differences among methods for structure learning 
might be considerable. It is better to rephrase it, making it clearer that the 
experiments are about the PC method for time-independent and with an adaptation 
for time-dependent data, which is very relevant and etc (and then to say that it 
is speculated that it would be the same with other methods); or to keep the 
assertion and then explain in detail why that would be the case. 
Secondly, in the conclusions it is discussed that applying the same ideas to 
learning the structure of Bayesian networks might be not so simple of a task, 
because of difficulties to keep the sufficient statistics. Even if that problem 
is not necessarily central to the proposal in this paper, it shows that the use 
of the same learning procedure for Bayesian networks and other models might 
require more than a few tricks. Hence, I think the paper would benefit from 
disclosing this fact from the beginning, maybe presenting the paper in more 
direct terms about its goal into SEM models, still pointing out that the 
extension to other models might be possible (but are not necessarily 
straightforward). In short, the paper could be a bit sharper about its scope. This is a well-written paper about learning the graph structure for SEM underthe assumption that data are only locally i.i.d. The formulation is simple tounderstand and to implement, and experimental results look promising, even iffocused just on a comparison using the PC method.I acknowledge to have read the feedback from the authors.