The paper provides a construction for multivariate distributions over 
unbounded counts that obey the Markov structure of an undirected 
network. 
Building a multivariate distribution over unbounded counts is in 
general a hard problem, as studied at length by Besag and others for 
the past 30 years (including textbooks such as Arnold et al.'s 
"Conditional Specification of Statistical Models", 1999, which extends 
some of the observations of the authors to other distributions such as 
conditionally-specified exponential distributions). 
In the end, the proposal given by the authors succeeds in some 
relevant ways. The upsides are constructions that do allow for 
marginal distributions over counts and which lead to relatively simple 
estimation algorithms. The downsides are, QPGM has marginally thinner 
tails and SPGM does not have closed-form conditional distributions 
(which somehow defeats the point of building a conditionally specified 
model). As a matter of fact, I don't even know how SPGM can be called 
a Poisson distribution (for QPGM at least one can claim that ``only'' 
the base measure is being changed). That's OK, but it made me wonder 
what the main motivation for modeling counts is, since the Poisson 
itself is not a good distribution to fit empirical data anyway (don't 
get me wrong, the Poisson is a very useful as a building block to many 
models - components of stochastic processes and within latent variable 
models etc. - but could you plot your data for breast cancer and tell 
me whether it looks anything close to a Poisson?). It would be very 
useful to have a plot of the probability mass function of the SPGM 
too, which feels somewhat convoluted at first sight. I suppose you are 
considering R and R0 as constants (or otherwise these wouldn't be 
exponential families). How are they chosen? Which advice do you give 
to the practitioner? 
That being said: to construct a multivariate distribution over counts 
obeying the independence model of MRF is hard. I honestly appreciate 
the effort put in this paper and I think the results are of 
theoretical interest to NIPS. The only thing that rubs me in the wrong 
way is the somewhat overly light appreciation of the literature. For 
instance, it almost feels like the authors don't really know what a 
copula is. The authors seem not to understand [8] (or at least 
definitely presented it in the wrong way), for instance, where the 
whole point is to build multivariate distributions for arbitrary 
discrete data (count data, inclusive), and for which a battery of MCMC 
and approximate inference methods exist. It made me wonder whether the 
discussion of [11] truly makes any sense, since the whole point of 
that pioneering book is to show how to build discrete models with 
log-linear parameters in a way it doesn't grow exponentially with the 
number of variables (although fair enough I don't have a copy of it 
with me right now and I don't remember anymore what it says about 
Poisson distributions). But perhaps the worst omission is a complete 
neglect of the vast spatial statistics literature, where 
high-dimensional count data analysis has been done for a long time. 
It needs to be said that several of these approaches (including the 
sparse precision Gaussian copula model of [8]) don't really model 
MRF-style independence constraints in the observable space. So as I 
said the theoretical contribution of this paper is a valid one. But as 
a practitioner I'm not yet convinced why I should pay the price of 
sticking to this model space instead of just using the simpler 
structured Gaussian random field + Poisson measurement model, which 
has been the standard for a long time. 
Final comment: I'm not an expert in gene expression analysis at all, 
but I would be grateful to have a reference newer than [20] claiming 
that ``counts of sequencing reads ... are replacing microarrays''. 
 A method for constructing multivariate distributions for counts that is Markov with respect to undirected graphs. Like any nontrivial multivariate construction, it has its advantages and shortcomings. Literature review feels incomplete.