The goal of constructing multivariate distributions that are 
appropriate for count data is an important one, and the authors 
correctly identify limitations of current approaches (a reservation on 
this is noted below). 
On the theoretical and conceptual front, the paper has several 
merits. Starting with a proof that previously suggested truncation 
does not lead to a valid model, the authors suggest several alternatives. 
The TPGM truncation, though obvious, is warranted due to its natural 
interpretation. The QPGM and SPGM, while technically simple, are 
novel in that the base measure and sufficient statistics of the 
exponential representation are put pm the table as the means to 
modify the Poisson distribution. Further, the changes made are 
well motivated and appealing. That said, the actual theory involved 
follows almost directly from the work of Yang et al so that we are 
left with several possible model suggestions whose merit need to be 
evaluated in practice. 
In light of the above, the experimental evaluation is disappointing, 
particularly since the declared goal of the paper is to fix the practical 
limitations of Poisson graphical models. While the synthetic experiment 
shows some potential, the data is geared toward the models suggested. 
In the real experiments, the comparison to copula-based alternatives is 
glaringly missing. Further, the reported results are only qualitatively anecdotal. 
Since all method involve the construction of joint distributions, a more 
objective log-probability of test data evaluation is needed. 
More important, and indeed this touches on the core issue of whether 
there is a need for the new model, is the fact that the copula competitors 
are used in an overly black-box manner. In particular, even when using 
only a Gaussian copula, it makes more sense to use some sensible marginal 
model rather than the one used in the non-paranormal (and that has no density!) 
which was mainly chosen due to its asymptotic properties rather than 
practical merits. The essentially identical performance to Glasso is suspicious 
and I strongly suspect that even simple Gaussian kernel density 
estimates would do much better. Similarly, if applied to the real-data, 
the (sensible) choice of using R=11 can also be translated to a 
choice for the marginal of the copula. I do not expect in-depth exploration 
here but some reasonable baseline is warranted. 
Finally, the paper is generally well written. Though I believe all results 
are true, particularly since the authors start with an error in another 
work, I suggest including all proofs in the supplementary material. 
Also, I felt that the end of section 3.1 was overly detailed and that 
the bound did not contribute to the Gaussian-esque argument. 
On the other hand, I would take 3.2 more slowly as it is the heart 
of the suggested method and in particular not defer the figure to the 
supplementary material but rather present it and better explain its intuition. 
 Based on a conditional exponential construction,the authors present alternatives to thePoisson graphical model with the goal of allowing forflexible joint modeling with a mix of positive andnegative dependencies.On the good side, the approach suggested is appealingand has some theoretical novelty. On the bad side, theexperimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biasedso that the bottom line is yet another multivariate Poisson-likemodel whose merit is unclear.