Summary of the paper 
This paper is concerned with the resolution of covariance selection problems in a very large scale setup (up to millions of features and trillions of parameters). The estimator considered is the CLIME, which is known to provide an estimator of the precision matrix of a Gaussian vector that can be solved column by column, thus more easily amenable to distributed computations. Theoretical analysis is also claimed to be easier than for the Graphical-Lasso. The authors developed a new algorithm to fit the CLIME by solving the problem block wise rather than column wise, couple to an inexact direction method of multipliers. Theoretical results on the convergence rate of this algorithm are stated, in term of both objective function and distance to optimality. Special attention is paid for special matrix structures (sparse and low rank) along the computation to reduce the computational burden. The algorithm is implemented within a scalable parallel computation framework for both shared and distributed memory systems. In the numerical studies, comparison are made in term of runtime with its direct competitors on both synthetic and real data. A detailed study concerning this new algorithm is also provided to evaluate the speedup regarding the block sizes and the number of cores on both shared memory and distributed memory systems. 
Comments 
This paper is well written and very clear. Novelty and contributions brought by the method are clearly stated in the introduction and connexion to existing works clearly established, with sounded bibliographical references. The algorithm is nicely introduced with a good balance between technical points of numerical analysis/algebra and theoretical guarantees for convergence rates. The numerical analysis is appropriate and the implementation of the algorithm shows very impressive performances. 
My only concern is the availability of such a method: if the source code (mostly based upon open source libraries) is not made available to the community, their is no point in such a work. 
 A sound algorithmic paper which deals with the important practical problem of covariance selection when the dimension is very large (millions of variables). Such a powerful tool should be rewarded by publication if it is made available to the community.