Local Privacy and Minimax Bounds: Sharp Rates for Probability Estimations 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
The paper deals with local privacy -- a setting in which each user outputs a \alpha-differentially private signal based on her own type and the signals of the other n-1 users, and reports the data curator that type. The paper analyzes this setting using the framework of min-max expected error -- the adversary picks a distribution over inputs (types for the n users) and we pick a \alpha-DP local scheme so to minimize the distance between an estimation derived from the original data and a similar estimation derived from the reported signals. (Typically, sums, aggregations or averages.) The authors then give a lower bound for the min-max rate for l_2 distance estimations and users drawn from a discreet distribution over d types. They show that the simple technique of randomized response achieves meets this bound, and therefore, it is optimal. The authors then proceed to analyze the problem of density estimations, where again the lower bound on the min-max rate is met by a perturbation scheme in which each person perturbs only her own type. 
The paper is nice and important -- it shows that some classic procedure is the best we can attain, since it meets certain lower bounds. I think that the NIPS community would find it interesting, and I therefore recommend acceptance. 
I do have a few reservations though. First, style-wise, the explanation regarding min-max bounds could have been simpler. The paper also has lots of cumbersome notations -- in particular, since all bound given apply for l2 norm, couldn't the bounds be phrased w.r.t this norm? Secondly, I would have loved seeing a comment about l1 norm, which is the more restrictive, or a comment relating the given bounds to l_1 norms, as well as other lower bound in differential privacy (which granted, apply more to a classical, non-local, setting). Lastly, it seems as though the min-max bound discussed are "tailored" for this local-privacy setting. I wish the authors could have considered a broader set of settings and give min-max lower bounds for them too. I do like however that whereas local-setting allows users to randomize the type they report based on the remaining n-1 users, it turns out that the simple scheme in which each person randomizes the report solely based on her type is optimal. I wish the authors would state that explicitly in the text. 
A new reservation: by now, the list of FOCS 2013 accepted papers has been published. And so, I now feel that the paper is now an extension of an existing paper, especially the results of Section 3. I therefore still recommend acceptance, but not as strongly as before. 
 The paper analyzes the framework of local privacy using the min-max rate bounds, give lower bounds on the rate and show that the upper bound is met by randomized response. A nice result.