The paper proposes a new method to estimate the density ratio p/q. There are a couple of other methods already proposed to this problem. The novelty of this paper is that the authors reformulate the density ratio estimation as a Fredholm integral equation. 
Strong points of the paper: 
The paper is well written; I enjoyed reading it. The density ratio estimation problem is important and interesting. 
Weak points of the paper, comments, and questions: 
(i) Some details are missing from the paper. For example, why 
\int k_t(x,y)f(x)dx=f(y)+ O(t)? Either a proof (in the paper or in the supplementary material) or a reference needed for all these kind of statements, even if they are easy to prove. 
(ii) As a special case (q=1), this method can also be used to density estimation. It is interesting that this approach doesn't require the bandwidth to converge to zero. The standard kde density estimation is not consistent in that case. It would be nice to see more discussion about this, so the readers could clearly see that the bandwidth parameters in the paper have different roles than that of in kde. 
(iii) I recommend adding a few sentences about Tikhonov regularization. The majority of the NIPS community might be not familiar with it. 
(iv) All the proofs are in the supplementary material. I haven't checked if they are correct. 
(v) It would be nice to read a few sentences about why a naive plug-in approach, that is separately estimate densities p and q, is worse than the method proposed in this paper. 
(vi) It's also not clear how this method performs compared to other methods. For example, if I remember correctly [12] derives minimax bounds too. Corollary 2 and 4 provide upper bounds on the convergence rate, but it is not clear how far they are from the optimal minimax rate. 
(vii) Please provide references for the datasets used in the paper (CPUsmall, Kin8nm, USPS). 
(viii) I missed the demonstration on how the proposed method would work on toy problems for some fixed and known p and q. For example, for 1 dimensional p and q, a plot of the true p/q and the estimated p/q could help the readers assess the quality of the estimation. 
 It's a nice paper about density ratio estimation. It is not clear to me how this method would perform compared to other algorithms (e,g. [12]), and I missed the demonstration of how this approach would work on toy problems, e.g. using simple 1-dimensional p and q densities.