[EDIT] I read the rebuttal and removed point 3 from my review since it has been sufficiently addressed. Although I'm still not 100% happy with the responses to points 1 and 2 I upped the score to 8. 
The authors propose a framework for two-photon imaging based on compressed sensing. In the first half of the paper they use simulations to demonstrate the feasibility of estimating calcium traces, non-negative firing rates (closely corresponding to spike times in a high-SNR situation) and spatial intensity profiles of the imaged neurons based on random projections of the data. In the second part they show that in the noiseless case the quality of reconstruction undergoes a phase transition. They derive an approximation to the phase transition curve, which they show to be quite accurate under some conditions. 
I am generally enthusiastic about the approach since it could have a lot of potential to substantially improve the efficiency of two-photon imaging experiments, which generally suffer from the inherent trade-off between data quality and number of neurons that can be imaged. Although I am unable to verify the math, in particular in section 3, judging from the successful verification through simulations I believe it's correct. 
Besides the stylistic complaint that the paper is written in a rather technical way with a lot of jargon, my major concern is that the authors did not do a good job at convincing the reader that the approach will actually be feasible or even useful in practice. There are three main issues related to this concern: 
1. Since the method is sensitive to noise (Fig. 1) it is important to test it with realistic noise levels. In practice, noise levels are very high with calcium imaging due to shot noise, in particular so if one images fast as the authors propose. Although I don't know for sure what a typical SNR (as defined in line 189) would be for a real experiment, my guess would be that it's closer to 0 dB than to 20 dB as used in the Fig. 1 and I wouldn't be surprised if it's even substantially lower than 0 dB. Since this is a very fundamental problem, the authors should present some convincing evidence that the SNRs they use are realistic. 
2. For estimating the locations, it looks like although the neurons were overlapping there was no background (neuropil) activity between the neurons and the neurons were actually covering the major fraction of the imaged space. However, in practice the situation is dramatically different. In a 3d volume cell bodies make up at most 10% (probably less) of the voxels while the remainder consists of neuropil (axons and dendrites), which display calcium activity as well (although usually highly correlated and with faster dynamics). Although I would guess that the result would be a few (large) singular values that could be excluded based on their spatial profile, I cannot judge whether the algorithm (P-NN) is really not affected in a major way by this. In addition, using SVD to identify neurons assumes they fire uncorrelated, which is unlikely to be true for most experiments. Since one of the main goals of imaging many neurons at the same time is to characterize their joint activity, this could be a major caveat and should at least be discussed. 
[3. removed since clarified by rebuttal] 
The above concerns would be somewhat less of a problem if the goal of the paper was to just lay out the basic mathematical framework, but then the authors should be more upfront about the various practical problems that may arise. Currently, the manuscripts reads somewhat like the method could be used to build an actual imaging setup, but I think we are still relatively far away from that goal. Potentially very interesting approach to calcium imaging based on compressed sensing, but the practical feasibility is somewhat questionable and could be better addressed.