2-photon calcium population imaging has made it possible to record from large populations of neurons, but given that only one voxel can be imaged at any time, there are still inevitable trade-offs between temporal resolution and population size. This paper proposes to use techniques from compressive sensing (which, as the authors describe, have by now been utilized in a variety of other imaging settings, including confocal fluorescence imaging) for neural population imaging-- this approach promises to use voxel measurements more effectively, and thus opens the possibility of recording from much larger populations. 
The authors set up a simple linear model of the measurement process with fixed baseline, AR(1) temporal dependence and binary spikes, and spell out both a 'standard' reconstruction algorithm for it and also one which simultaneously estimates the locations of neurons, and analyze both algorithms using simulation and theory (only for the 'standard' approach).') 
Detailed comments: 
a) The paper seems a bit disjointed jumping between the 'known locations' and 'unknown locations' cases-- I think concentrating on the 'known locations' case and using the additional space to provide more details would have made for a stronger and more readable paper. 
b) The weights are +-1 in the imaging matrix B-- is it possible to image 'negatively', and if not, how does this affect the applicability of the approach? 
c) Neural activity is sparse but (might be) synchronized in time-- how would this affect the applicability of the method? 
Quality: While there are open questions as to whether and how well this works on real data, the analysis and methods provided are sound (although I am in no position to comment on the rigour of the theory). The theory seems a bit disjoint from the simulation results. 
Clarity: This is a dense paper, and there are not really enough details to understand the theory. It would probably have made for a stronger to concentrate on a few points and work them out more clearly. 
Originality: While CS imaging has been performed in other imaging domains, to my knowledge, this is the first application to 2 photon calcium imaging. 
Significance: This is a conceptual and even speculative paper-- however, if this method is really successfully put into practice, the impact could be dramatic. 
 This paper proposes a new algorithmic framework for calcium imaging based on randomized measurements, and shows hat such an approach has potential to allow neural population measurements to be scaled to larger population sizes than previously possible. While the paper seems a bit `conceptual' and there are open questions regarding the applibility of this approach to real data, the idea is very interesting and potentially powerful, and therefore a great paper for NIPS.