This paper proposes a fast algorithm for ridge regression by applying subsampled randomized Hadamard transform (SRHT), which can reduce the dimensionality and reduce the computational cost significantly. The basic idea of this algorithm is first applying the randomized Hadamard transform, and then sampling features uniformly. Also the theoretical results on the risk of the proposed algorithm is analyzed. Based on the proved theoretical results, the order of subsampled features p_subs is estimated. And the comparison between the proposed algorithm and the principal component regression is also discussed. The empirical studies on both synthetic and UCI data sets are performed to demonstrate the good performance of the proposed algorithm. 
The paper presents an interesting algorithm and is easy to read. The idea of the proposed algorithm is fairly simple. The key is the efficient implementation of the subsampled randomized Hadamard transform. The idea is simple but interesting to me. The disadvantage of other random projection algorithms is the cost to generate a random projection matrix and compute the product of the projection matrix and the design matrix. The key of this paper is to integrate these two steps into one step which is implemented efficiently. 
The empirical studies are a little weak. For the UCI data sets, the classification accuracy is reported. As this paper focuses on ridge regression and the theoretical bound of risk is proved, it is more reasonable to investigate the error in regression instead of classification. 
A typo: in Eq. (3), the right hand side of the inequality is sqrt{clog(2k/delta)k)/p_subs}, while in the following discussions there no coefficient 2. I have not checked the cited references, but it seems a typo. 
 A simple and efficient implementation of ridge regression using the subsampled randomized Hadamard transform is proposed. The idea is simple but interesting to me; the theoretical results and the empirical results are a little weak.