Near-optimal Distribution for Data Matrix Sampling 
The paper presents a new sampling methods for generating (random) sparse matrices that best approximate a given matrix in terms of the spectral norm. Several assumptions are made and well motivated, such as the "data matrix" properties and the constraints of the computational model (i.e. streaming data). The exposition is very readable, although some topics such as compressibility and fast indexing are brought up that are then never related back to the method proposed. More to the heart of the matter, the author(s) start with discussing the commonly known L1 and L2 sampling schemes, which serve as reference points throughout the development of the paper and then move on to the matrix Berstein inequality and explain its significance in the context of sparse matrix sampling. A lot of attention is given to proper explanation and intuitive arguments, which makes the paper accessible for non-specialists. The only thing that has to be said is that the text becomes somewhat "talkative" and lengthy, in particular in comparison to the very condensed experimental section. I would recommend shortening these passage, while keeping the gist of the arguments and explanations. 
The main contributions of the paper are algorithm 1 together theorem 2.2, which justifies it. I find eq 6 and what feeds into it somewhat hard to digest. Some properties (e.g. certain regimes for s: small, large) are explained in the surrounding text, but it would be nice to find a way of relating this back to the Bernstein inequality that supposedly motivates it. Some of this happens in section 5, but overall the algebraic complexity and notation make this difficult and it would be nice to preserve the crucial link between how even the simplified row-L1 distribution and the Bernstein inequality. With all these caveats around the structure and clarity of the presentation of the main contributions, I deem the result to be significant and the key idea as well as the execution of the proof and algorithmic detail to be highly non-trivial. 
The experimental section and the empirical analysis are somewhat disappointing by comparison. First, I cannot even read the graphs in the printed paper (which is a nuisance). Second, there is really no diving deeper on any aspect. Third, no connection to any relevant application is made. Fourth, the spectral norm criteria is thrown out ("it turns out to be more fruitful to consider…") and replaced by a new criterion based on projections to the top singular vectors. The spectral norm objective is not even plotted or mentioned any more. Given how much care has been spent on the theory part, how detailed things have been motivated and then worked through in the proof, this feels like quite a surprise. Shouldn't one go back and change the objective to address the "scaling" issue, for instance? 
 Good overview of literature and nice idea to take the Bernstein inequality as a starting point to seek for better sampling distributions. However, in the light of the experimental section and without a somewhat deeper analysis (beyond the proofs), I am not 100% convinced of the superiority of this approach.