The authors give an exact characterization of the tradeoffs achievable between regret-vs-expert-0 and regret-vs-expert-1 in a two expert problem with known horizon T. They provide an algorithm for achieving any tradeoff on the Pareto frontier, with the point corresponding to an equal bound on each expert's regret recovering the standard definition. They also consider the asymptotic behavior of this tradeoff curve. 
The primary contributions of the paper are Theorems 6 and 8. These are nice results, particularly Thm 6 which provides a tight minimax characterization. It would be nice if more motivation for the key function f_T(i) was provided, it seems to appear magically. I suspect there are some Rademacher random variables and binomial probabilities underneath this somewhere, with Thm 8 coming from something like a normal approximation to the binomial. Unfortunately, these results are also quite limited in that they only apply to the K=2 expert case. Sec 4.1 points out that for K=2 the the sqrt(min log prior) frontier is weaker, but this does not seem surprising, since this bound comes from an algorithm that is not minimax optimal. 
Theorem 10 is also important, as it shows Thms 6 and 8 apply to the general experts problem in 2 dimensions, rather than just to the special case of the absolute loss. The proof suggests, in fact, that one could simply re-state the paper in terms of the more general problem; I think this would be a better presentation, but at a minimum Thm 10 should be moved earlier in the paper. 
I'm not clear on what Sec 5.2 is trying to accomplish. It seems to indicate that standard sqrt(T log K) bounds can be recovered from the K=2 algorithm presented here. But the authors need to be clear about this, and argue why it is useful or interesting. After all, we already have much simpler algorithms that achieve this bound. 
The main drawback of the paper is that it does not address the K > 2 case, which is clearly the one of the most practical interest. 
 The authors fully characterize the Pareto frontier for prediction with expert advice, but unfortunately only in the rather limited case of 2 experts.