This paper concerns regret against individual actions in the full-information online prediction setting. Instead of trying to bound the regret uniformly for all experts (actions), the work gives characterization of what "regret profiles" are achievable for the most basic case of binary prediction with absolute loss. The author(s) call a profile < r0,r1 > T-realizable if there exists an algorithm that guarantees regret r0 and r1 against constant predictions 0 and 1, respectively, given any (non-oblivious) adversary. An example for a trivial T-realizable profile is < 0,T >. 
The paper exactly (even constants) characterizes the Pareto-front of all T-realizable profiles for any T in the basic case of two actions and absolute loss. Then they use the result to prove an asymptotic bound. The paper also provides algorithms that achieve the realizable profiles. 
The paper is well written, the problem is well motivated, the proofs seem sound. The problem of satisfying non-uniform regret bounds is an interesting new line of research. This paper takes the first steps in this new direction. 
Some comments: 
In Definition 1, the paper reveals that the adversary model considered is the non-oblivious (adaptive) one. I would prefer if it was mentioned more explicitly and at an earlier point in the paper. Especially because Lemma 3 does not go through for oblivious adversaries. 
I found the second part of Theorem 6 confusing. First I thought it was a full description of the algorithm that achieves the vertices of the Pareto-front. Only later I realized that it is just some fact about what the algorithm does at three particular time steps. Maybe say this explicitly or just leave out this part. 
How do the new bounds relate to the old uniform regret bound of \sqrt{T/2 \ln K}? I would have liked to see some discussion about this, especially since the above bound is asymptotically optimal. 
The algorithms that prove the upper bounds seem to be highly inefficient computationally. It would be nice to have algorithms that are more efficient and have regret bounds close to the optimal ones. This work gives optimal bounds for regret-profiles against each constant action in online learning. The paper is technically sound and it opens a new line of research in regret analysis.