This paper introduces an improvement to symbolic policy iteration for domains with factored actions. The core idea seems to be that we can take some liberties with the symbolic backup operations to reduce the size of the resulting ADDs, and that the particular way that this is done is by performing a more general backup (rather than an on-policy backup) for some actions, when doing so does not increase the resulting expression. This is proven to converge, and some thorough and reasonable impressive experimental results are given, though I do not know enough about symbolic policy iteration to determine whether or not they are exhaustive. 
Both symbolic approaches and factored actions are interesting and under-explored, so I am positively disposed toward the paper. 
The main difficulty I had was that it is not explained how \pi is represented as an ADD, so that \pi is introduced as a constraint in section 3. Some more explanatory material here - perhaps giving an example of an on-policy vs. off-policy action backup links to the result of the pruning, would really help. As it is the reader has to piece together what the pruning operator does from some math and some diagrams, before its high-level explanation-which as far as I can understand is actually quite simple - is given in passing. This is made extra confusing in Figure 4, when D and C presumably mean D and \pi. 
Unfortunately this, combined with only passing familiarity with symbolic approaches, made the paper quite hard to understand, when it probably should not be. 
Otherwise I only have small writing comments: 
o "flat actions" might better be described as "atomic actions". "Flat" is often the opposite of hierarchical. 
o "assume a small flat action space" -> "assumes a small flat ..." 
o "Factored State and Actions Spaces" -> "Factored State and Action Spaces" 
o A parenthetical citation is not a noun. 
o assignments OF n boolean variables to A real value 
o "interestingly, the first approach to symbolic planning in MDPs, was a version" (delete comma) 
o The graphs are all tiny. I appreciate the space constraint, but it looks like you can eliminate some whitespace. 
o Please use full citation information and properly format your references (including capitalization). 
 An interesting paper that presents a technical improvement to symbolic backups that improve their performance. Often difficult to understand.