This paper explores a way of speeding up template evaluations in object detection by using vector quantization. The essential idea is to replace each HOG cell by an index into a dictionary. Template evaluation then amounts to a series of table lookups followed by a simple addition. In conjunction with previous work on speeding up detection [5], this paper introduces a speed up of two orders of magnitude. 
Quality : The paper is well written and thoroughly evaluated. Section 4, the computational cost model, is especially well done and clears up the air vis-a-vis previous speedup papers. The timing comparisons are convincing. 
Clarity : The paper is clearly written and well organized. 
A suggestion (this doesn't matter for the review) : Section 4 might also gain from a graph showing how the time taken for end-to-end evaluation on a single image varies as the number of categories increases. This might be an alternative way of conveying Table 1 
Originality : This is the single negative point in this review. A lot of the ideas used in this paper have actually been done before. The idea of quantizing HOG cells was actually put forward in [10] (see section 5.2). Using just the idea of quantization (without all the other additional speedups that are shown here), [10] achieves a speed-up factor of 2, while the final speedup factor that this paper demonstrates is much larger, ~100. This is a huge difference. Still, in terms of novelty, this paper is more of a somewhat novel combination of not-so-novel techniques achieving a big gain, rather than one single original idea. 
Significance : This paper is extremely significant for the computer vision community, because the magnitude of the speedup is huge, and can have a big impact on downstream locations. The authors promise to release the code; if they do, then the code will very likely be quickly adopted throughout the vision community. 
 This paper doesn't introduce any novel machine learning techniques, but it convincingly demonstrates big speedups in an important computer vision task.