This paper introduces a graph theoretic extension of the notion of k-anonymity, b-matching anonymity. 
Correspondences of records before and after anonymization are represented as a bipartite compatibility graph, reffered to as a compatibility graph. If the graph is k-anonymized, the compatibility graph forms k-regular bipartite graph. 
Existing k-anonimity requires that k-anonymous records should form a graph with fully-connected k-cliques. 
The authors extend the notion of k-anonymity to b-matching anonymity so that the compatibility graph forms a k-regular bipartite graph. 
This relaxation provides adaptive anonymity, in that each record is allowed to set the anonymity parameter independently with respect to the desired privacy revel . 
The contribution of the authors are: 
(1) polynomial algorithms to find b-maching anonymized records by alternate execution of the max-flow algorithm (if my understanding is correct) and minimization of a variational upper bound 
(2)characterization of the b-maching anonymity against adversaries who know a limited number of edges 
(3) empirical evaluation of the utility 
The paper is well organized; notions and theorems are clearly stated. 
Notions similar to b-matching anonymity are introduced by a couple of papers (e.g., [A] and [B]); relations between them should be mentioned in the paper. 
Characterization of b-maching anonymity against adversaries with background knowledge seems to be quite new and opens up a new vista in this field. 
I personally think this is a paper for STOC or FOCS and I am not sure if NIPS readers are interested in this paper. 
[A]Mingqiang Xue, Panagiotis Karras, Chedy Raïssi, Jaideep Vaidya, Kian-Lee Tan: Anonymizing set-valued data by nonreciprocal recoding. KDD 2012: 1050-1058 
[B]Sachin Lodha, Dilys Thomas: Probabilistic Anonymity. PinKDD 2007: 56-79 Characterization of b-maching anonymity against adversaries with background knowledge seems to be quite new and opens up a new vista in this field.I personally think this is a paper for STOC or FOCS and I am not sure if NIPS readers are interested in this paper.