'Adaptive Anonymity via b-Matching' addresses the problem of releasing a private dataset such that by censoring measurements individuals in the dataset become indistinguishable. The authors explain the concepts of k-anonymity and the b-matching problem as forming a bipartite graph that describes the compatibility of the original dataset with the released dataset. They provide two algorithms, for the asymmetric and symmetric cases, which are justified as variational approximations of the star (suppression) minimization problem. There is an approximation result for the algorithms. A variety of privacy guarantees are provided for single attacks,and sustained attacks on the k-clique construction, symmetric and asymmetric b-matchings. A brief experimental section is provided with some convincing results. 
This paper is of high quality, as it comprehensively addresses the b-matching problem and provides strong computationally feasible algorithms that are well justified. It is very well written with a very understandable introduction and exposition. The algorithmic results are strong, as are the privacy guarantees. It is likely to be a significant work, as b-matching is a significant extension of the k-anonymity, while being a reasonable alternative to other notions of privacy. Furthermore, this work is very general, allowing for user specified levels of privacy and addressing both the symmetric and asymmetric cases. The only criticism is that theorem 1 is quite weak as an approximation factor of the degree makes it nearly useless. I think that an explanation (at least in the appendix) of how the algorithms are a variational upper bound of the ideal program would be more convincing. 
Minor comments: 
191 - 'a more general' -> 'a general' 
263 - use `` not '' 
def 4.1 - this is confusing, how does the matching come in to the symmetry notion here This paper comprehensively addresses the b-matching problem for k-anonymous privacy, providing strong privacy guarantees and sophisticated novel algorithms. I strongly recommend its acceptance as it promises to be an important study of k-anonymity through b-matching.