This paper proposes an algorithm for normalized cuts of hypergraphs by 
formulating the cut as the minimization of a ratio of two convex 
functions which can be solved using existing methods (RatioDCA, with 
an inner problem solved using a primal-dual method). Semi-supervised 
learning on a hypergraph is formulated as a related optimization 
problem and solved with a similar primal-dual method. The proposed 
approach is shown on several datasets to outperform an alternative 
technique based on a transformation of the hypergraph to a regular 
graph for a semi-supervised learning, a clustering and a cut 
objective. 
The paper is clear and well written. It is technically sound and 
provides a significant contribution to the problem of hypergraph cut, 
and possibly to semi-supervised learning and clustering --- assuming a 
hypergraph based approach is relevant to the problem. 
Concerning this last point, not much is said about the relevance of 
the hypergraph approach. In all examples, the hypergraph is not 
provided as a separate structure, but is built from the covariates by 
making one hyperedge for all samples which share the same value of one 
covariate. if the data points are originally represented as vectors of 
features, other semi-supervised and clustering techniques (eg based on 
scalar products or on a regular graph built from the features) would 
make sense and should be compared against. 
Similarly, the relevance of semi-supervised learning to the datasets 
is not discussed: what kind of performance would be obtained without 
using the unlabeled samples? Admittedly, the point of this paper is 
how the new formulation improves semi-supervised, not whether 
semi-supervised is relevant. 
A few minor points: 
- Total variation seems to be accessory in the paper, whose main 
achievement is to provide a better algorithm for hypergraph 
normalized cuts. The current title is a little misleading from this 
point of view. 
- The semi-supervised problem (3) is itself a prox of \lambda\Omega at 
point Y. There may not be a simpler way to compute the prox than the 
proposed algorithm but it could be useful to point it out in order 
to avoid confusion between prox (3) and the prox of its first term 
and the conjugate of the second term which are used to compute it. 
 - Clear presentation, well written paper.- Significant contribution, technically sound.- Little discussion of the relevance of using hypergraphs to representthis data (as opposed to vectors or graphs).