Paper Summary: 
The authors formalize and prove the long standing assumption that partition trees with better quantization rates also have better nearest neighbor search performance. Inspired by this, they propose the 'max margin' partition tree and relate its search performance with the margin. Experiments with some real world data validate that 'max margin' and partition trees with good quantization errors yield good nearest neighbors. 
Review: 
I really like that the authors were able to formalize the long standing assumption that partition trees with better quantization rates tend to have better nearest neighbor search performance. The formalism and conditions proposed in Theorem 3.1 are intuitive; and the performance is nicely related to the the 'expansion constant' (a formalism of intrinsic dimension of the input sample). Although the bound provided in Eq. 4 can be made tighter (see below). 
I do have a few suggestions that authors should consider adding to the current text: 
- while using the expansion dimension is intuitive, this results in making a strong assumption like condition C1 to hold over every convex set in the underlying space. I believe (I haven't really checked it) that if the authors consider doubling dimension instead, they dont have to explicitly assume C1 to hold, thus improving the overall readability of the text. (perhaps make a note that bounded doubling dimension, also implies the result?) 
- perhaps the authors want to add a short discussion on what happens if the input S comes from an underlying distribution. 
- why the notation '\tilde c' for expansion constant? consider changing it to 'c'. (Theorem 3.1) 
- I believe that the bound provided in Eq. 4 can be made tighter. Shouldn't the ratio in lines 531--532 always less than 1? This can significantly improve Eq. 14. 
Quality: 
The paper systematically explores the connection between vector quantization and nearest neighbor search, providing both a sound theory and convincing experiments. The bound seems to be looser than expected. 
Clarity: 
The paper is written clearly. 
Originality: 
The work is original. 
Significance: 
I believe this work is very significant as it formalizes the long standing belief that partition trees with better quantization rates tend to have better nearest neighbor search performance. This work can encourage formal analysis of other fast nearest neighbor schemes. 
Update after the author response: 
Thanks for the clarifications. In the past week, I came across the following COLT2013 paper that is highly relevant to this submission: "Randomized Partition Trees for Exact Nearest Neighbor Search". The authors should update their discussion and compare their results with this paper as well. Authors have done a good job in formalizing the long standing intuition that partition trees with better quantization rates tend to have better nearest neighbor search performance. The authors can do a tighter analysis to improve the bound. Experiments with real data corroborate that the theoretical intuition also works well in practice.