Reviewer's response to the rebuttal: 
'"Theorem 1 needs to be corrected/clarified." 
We apologize for the confusion: part of the theorem was accidentally omitted. The sufficient condition is to have a large enough population of (different) neurons: N >= SUMm[(2L1+1)(2L2+1)…(2L{n_m-1} + 1)]. The necessary condition is that the total number of spikes is greater than 
(2L{nm}+1)*SUMm[(2L1+1)(2L2+1)…(2L{n_m-1} + 1)] +N" 
OK, that seems more acceptable, even though I don't fully understand the condition -- what prevents these spikes from being completely synchronized across neurons, and hence being uninformative? 
'"…what would happen if all filter kernels were the same? Then no matter how many neurons you added, you would not gain any further information." 
That is not entirely correct. For example, if all filters are Dirac-delta functions, the inputs are encoded directly without processing. However, one can recover all inputs if the neurons have different parameters (e.g., bias, capacitance, threshold of the IAF neuron). Imposing linear independence between kernels is another way to guarantee signal recovery.' 
True, but in your definition of the IAF-TEM (eqn3 and following) it does not appear that the neurons have different parameters, hence my remark. Please say that somewhere. 
Review for "Multisensory Encoding, Decoding, and Identification" 
The paper describes an extension of Time Encoding Machines (TEM) to the multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) setting, using the formalism of Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces (RHKS). The approach is motivated from a neuroscientific perspective: in the introduction, it is claimed (correctly) that multisensory integration (and processing) provides many benefits to organisms, but that it is still poorly understood. What follows is a particular extension of TEMs 
to the MIMO setting, with trignometric polynomials as basis functions. Necessary conditions for perfect decoding and/or system identification are given. The feasibility of the resulting algorithms are demonstrated on an audio/video decoding task, and an audio/video encoder identification task. The paper concludes with the remark that this work constitutes the first tractable computational model for multisensory integration (which is wrong) and that extensions to the noisy case would be straightforward. 
Clarity: 
The paper is mostly well written, even though the notation in section 3 is cumbersome, but I do not see how that could be avoided. 
Originality: the paper's most original contribution is the extensions of TEMs to the MIMO setting, the connection to the brain is tenuous. 
Quality: I believe some parts of the paper need to be improved before publication. 
Significance: from a technical perspective, the paper demonstrates the feasibility of TEMs for multi-modal encoding, which might prove useful. 
There is no clear contribution to neural coding, other than the motivation in the introduction. 
Detailed comments: 
line 100: "bandlmited" -> bandlimited 
line 137: j is the complex unit, please say that somewhere. 
line 144: the un in eqn.(1) are not the same as the un^i in figure 1, right? I propose to use a different letter. 
line 166: "BIBO-stable" bounded-input-bounded-output? please define. 
line 166: "...finite temporal support of lenghth Si \leq Ti...": would that be spatio-temporal support for the video filters in example 2? 
line 177: Say here that the h{l1 \ldots l_n} are the filter coefficients, to connect this formula to theorem 1. 
line 182: "...IAF TEM...": IAF="integrate and fire"? Please specify. 
line 185: eqn. 3: what is the index k? From other literature about IAF-TEMs, I would infer that it's the spike index? If that is correct, please also say that t_k is a spike time, and that these are strictly monotonically increasing with k etc. In fact, it would be very useful if there was a short introduction to IAF-TEMs: up to here, the paper only talks about continuous signals, now spikes are introduced (if I interpret everything correctly). 
line 195-195: "Then there exists a number N ... can be perfectly recovered" this sounds like a sufficient condition. But in the proof of this theorem 1, line 224ff: "A necessary condition for the latter (solvability)...." so you only show a necessary condition? Hence, theorem 1 remains unproven, I think. In fact, I wonder what would happen if all filter kernels were the same? Then no matter how many neurons you added, you would not gain any further information, thus the signal recovery would not improve. To remedy this, I think the kernels would have to be constrained by some sort of linear independence condition, similar to [15]. 
figures 1,2,4: the v_i do not appear anywhere else in the paper. Please clarify their purpose. 
section 5, examples. The examples are instructive. But I wonder why you did not choose a real video+audio for the examples -- it would have strengthened the connection to neuroscience 
if you showed that your approach works on relevant datasets. 
line 417: "...the first tractable computation model for multisensory integration..." wrong, see e.g. the works by Wei & Koerding, or Ernst & Banks. Please remove this sentence. 
 The extension of TEMs to the MIMO setting might be interesting for technical applications and decoding in Neuroscience. I believe Theorem 1 needs further clarification, but I am not entirely sure.