Summary: 
The authors develop a novel algorithm for Bayesian inference in copula models for multivariate discrete distributions. Their work follows and extends the work of Hoff (2007), who assumes a Gaussian copula. The aim is inference on the correlation matrix of the Gaussian copula, and Hoff (2007) proposes a Gibbs sampling algorithm that proceeds by first introducing latent variables Z. Conditioned on the latent variables Z and the data, the correlation matrix has an inverse-Wishart distribution and can easily be sampled. Conditioned on the data and the correlation matrix, the latent variables Z have a multivariate truncated normal distribution with regions defined by the order statistics of the data. This last step is the key contribution of the authors; whereas, Hoff (2007) used a separate Gibbs step for each latent Z{i,j}, the authors proposing using recent advances in constrained Hamiltonian MCMC, which allows them to sample the latent (Z{i,j}, i=1,...,n) jointly. This improves mixing and speeds up computations. 
Strengths: 
This is a nice, well written paper, and I particularly like how the authors highlight their contribution over previous work. 
Although there are no methodological developments, the algorithm developed is practically useful, as it speeds up computations and improves mixing. 
Weaknesses: 
The authors do not mention the work of Damian and Walker (2001) who discuss techniques to sample from multivariate truncated normals using latent variables. How would this approach (or an extension) compare? 
pg. 2, line 107, the authors could improve notation by possibly replacing the truncation region D by D(y), so that it is more explicit that the truncation region depends on the data. Otherwise, it appears that the posterior of Z and C doesn't depend on Y. 
pg. 3 line 144, should this read log(p(x)) \propto … ? 
pg. 5 line 258, the notation used in this sentence is not explained. Also should the sentence read Z{i,j} conditioned on Z{/i,/j} for Hoff's algorithm? 
Quality: This is a technically sound paper that combines recent advances in Hamiltonian MCMC to improve Hoff's algorithm for Gaussian copula models of multivariate discrete distributions. 
Clarity: This is a clear, well written paper. I especially appreciate the clear emphasis on the contribution of their work over previous work. 
Originality: While there are no novel developments in this paper, they do apply Hamiltonian MCMC methods to produce a practically useful improvement over Hoff's algorithm. 
Significance: The results are important, and I believe will likely be incorporated in extensions of the Gaussian copula models of multivariate discrete distributions. The authors develop a novel algorithm for Bayesian inference in copula models for multivariate discrete distributions that improves upon the algorithm developed by Hoff(2002) by incorporating Hamiltonian MCMC methods. This results in improved mixing and faster computations.