The focus is on efficient posterior sampling in copula models for discrete data relying on the Hoff extended rank likelihood. Efficient posterior inference in copula models for discrete data is a topic of substantial interest in my view. The authors algorithm builds on the Hamiltonian MC approach of Pakman and Paninski (2012) for sampling from multivariate Gaussians subject to linear inequality constraints. However, they do not just directly apply the algorithm, but propose a novel approach to reduce the computational burden to O(n) in the sample size by relying on Hough Envelope algorithm. I find the paper very well written and to contain interesting ideas. Hence, the quality, clarity and originality is high. 
However, I have questions about the significance (see below), which the authors have effectively addressed in their rebuttal. It is important for them to carefully revise their paper to include these improved experiments. 
Previous concerns: 
The experiment is obviously not compelling. I have applied the Hoff algorithm they are attempting to improve upon and haven't noticed major mixing problems, and Murray et al. (2013) additionally note good mixing in their copula factor model case relying on a similar sampling algorithm. The proposed algorithm is substantially more complicated and in the author's code has 50 times the computational burden per MCMC step while improving effective sample size only modestly. Examining the trace plots presented, it seems that perhaps convergence is substantially faster for the proposed algorithm but not mixing. Also, I wonder if the example shown is carefully chosen to show problems with Hoff's approach in involving a quite big sample size relative to the dimension of the model. In more modest sample sizes, I wonder whether such "gains" will be shown. Obviously it would be much more compelling to show gains in effective sample size per CPU time, while containing some discussion about the settings in which the gains are expected to be relatively small or large. It seems that Hoff wins easily under such a metric and additionally has the advantage of being substantially simpler. I would have trouble implementing the proposed algorithm based on the brief description given, but wouldn't bother anyway based on these results. 
 Interesting algorithm addressing an important problem and the paper is well written. In the initial submitted paper the experimental results were extremely weak. However, in the rebuttal, the authors included some additional much more compelling experiments. If these new experiments can be included, then I think the paper is acceptable.