Paper 1349 – Context-sensitivity in human active sensing 
This paper explores how people guide their search for information in a visual display. They describe a recently proposed model, C-DAC, present an optimal stopping result, and a computation-bounded approximation to the optimal cost. Afterwards, they present an experiment where there are three patches of stimuli (dots moving either to the left or right with some amount of coherence), and participants are supposed to report the patch with dots moving to the left as quickly as possible. Generally, the models using C-DAC generated policies that resulted in behavior a bit more like the human results, than the behavior resulting from a model using an Infomax generated policy. Finally, they conclude with simulations that can distinguish between the three policy generation methods. 
The paper focuses on a critical computational problem faced by both people and machines: How should an agent allocate its sensors to the different places in the environment to best solve the task at hand? The approach taken is very interesting, elegant, and a reasonable candidate for what the visual system is aiming to solve at a computational level. However, the simulations at the end of the paper distinguishing between the different methods was very interesting, but I was left disappointed that there weren't human results as well! Furthermore, I found the evaluation of their method too poor to merit a NIPS publication, and as, C-DAC is a previously published model, and it should not be considered a contribution of the paper. 
However, there are some issues with the paper that leave me on the fence regarding whether or not I believe it should be published at NIPS. The framing of the paper is about how C-DAC provides context-sensitive policies, but I don't understand in what sense it is context-sensitive. It would help to be more upfront about what exactly the context is in this context. I don't see how the case study highlighted why being context-sensitive matters. In fact, besides Infomax getting the search times wrong for when 9 was the target, I did not find the experiment too convincing that people were guided by similar computational principles as C-DAC. Furthermore, there are few dependent variables being predicted for the complexity and number of parameters used by C-DAC. Finally, the simulations at the end of the paper seemed much more interesting than the case study and potentially could provide stronger evidence for C-DAC. However, there were no human experiments based on these simulations. The authors may be better off waiting to publish the project with the human results for these later simulations, which would result in a much stronger paper, than publishing the current paper. 
Minor comments: 
Section 2.1: When a vector has been indexed to a scalar, I personally like it to no longer be bold. 
Section 3.1, line 232: "the probability of a target containing a target" should that be a patch containing a target? 
Section 3.2 title: "Model vs. behavior" the use of vs. sounded a bit strange to me. Also, should model be plural? 
Section 3.2, line 261-263: "… the general tendency for human subjects typically rely more on recent observations…" -> "… the general tendency for human subjects to rely more on recent observations…" 
Figure 2: label the units for the y-axes. An excellent project in the making; however, it seems too premature for publication.