 This paper considers automatic classification of unstructured social group activity videos. To bridge the semantic gap between low-level features and the class-labels, the authors adopt a latent topic model based on replicated softmax to extract topics as mid-level representations for video classification. The main idea of this paper is the integration of sparse Bayesian learning and replicated softmax, which leads to the proposed model referred to "relevance topic model (RTM)". In RTM, the discriminative topics and sparse classifier weights are learned jointly, and the authors proposes variational EM algorithm for model parameter estimation and inference. The authors test their algorithm on a benchmark dataset and demonstrate better performance compared to other supervised topic models and some baseline algorithms. 
 The paper seems to be well organized. It is well motivated and proposes ideas that are useful in relative area (e.g. video scene analysis, classification and recognition ). It cites relevant research papers adequately. 
 It is difficult to understand the significance in using sparsity on the BOW representation, classifier and hierarchical prior on the weight. Also, it is not clear what the significant differences are between the attributes used in the previous research [4] and the topics discovered by the proposed RTM. It should be noted that the idea of using Replicated softmax model for extracting latent topics as mid-level representations is not novel [5]. However, the key idea of this paper is the joint learning of latent topics and classifier weights, which is interesting and novel. 
 Section 3.3 contains many complex mathematical equations, which is not easy to follow. 
 Experimental results demonstrate good performance of proposed algorithms. However, the experimental backup is rather weak due to the following two issues; 1) The performance in terms of generalization is not good. In case of using many instances (e.g 100 in Table2), the proposed algorithm could not achieve good results. 2) In Section 4.3, the authors compare the proposed algorithm with only the baselines in [4]. Since the novelty of the proposed algorithm in relation to the previous Replicated softmax model seems to be the joint learning of discriminative topics and sparse classifier weights, the reviewer suggest using other baselines where the topics are extracted via previous replicated softmax, but classifier weights are learned separately from the topics (e.g. latent topic extraction using replicated softmax[5] + SVM classifier). 
 The key idea of this paper is the joint learning of latent topics and classifier weights, which is interesting and will be useful in many related research fields (e.g. video context classification and recognition). In the experiment section, it is recommended to include additional baseline methods to compare to reveal the strength of the above key idea.