General: 
The paper proposes a supervised (hybrid) topic model for unstructured activity recognition. The model is named: relevance topic model (RTM). The supervised part is the label of the classes of the training videos. 
RTM is an integration of sparse Bayesian learning and Replicated Softmax. The main concept is to jointly learn discriminative topics as mid-level video representations and discriminant function as a video classifier. RTM is composed of an undirected part to model the marginal distribution of video 
words and a directed part to model the conditional distribution of video classes given the latent topics. Also, the authors propose the parameter estimation and inference methods. 
The authors evaluate their algorithm in the Unstructured Social Activity Attribute (USAA) presenting quantitative results of RTM. They compare the method with the literature improving in all cases the activity classification accuracy. Also the authors show an interesting comparison of the correlation of topics of two different classes. 
The idea seems interesting. The usage of SIFT, STIP and MFCC which are very low level features mostly based on pixel representations. It can be interesting a small discussion on how more descriptive features (object detection) can be added to the model. 
Relevant work that could be added in the Bibliography, [1] Similar subject [2] interesting approach on structured activity discovery. 
[1] Social Role Discovery in Human Events 
Vignesh Ramananthan, Bangpeng Yao, and Li Fei-Fei 
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR). Portland, OR, USA. June 23-28, 2013 
[2] J. Varadarajan, R. Emonet and J.-M. Odobez 
Int. Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV), Vol. 103, Num. 1, pages 100-126, May 2013. 
Quality: 
The quality of the paper is good. 
Clarity: 
The paper is clear, the problem is well defined. 
Originality: 
The originality is Medium. This is not the first approach that aims at building intermediate features for activity recognition. Nor the first one that uses some full or semi-supervision. 
Unsupervised methods such as [2] for structured scenarios have strong assumptions in the temporal structure of the words (observation vectors) but in unstructured activities as the ones target in this work temporal constraints can be relaxed. 
Minimal supervision in the learning is acceptable for a difficult task as activity recognition in wild videos. An interesting question would be how many is the minimal human labeled data that is required to classify wild videos decently. 
Significance: 
The topic is exciting research, I would say of big significance. 
 The paper addresses an interesting topic, which is the recognition of social activities in unconstrained videos. The authors propose an interesting model, which uses minimal labeling for learning and discovering topics used for activity recognition. It is well written and with enough evaluation.