This paper addresses the problem of identifying the type of each agents from his/her partial preference data, in order to use this information to better estimate the underlying preferences for each type. The authors propose a Generalized RUM to model the behavior of such clustered agents. A reversible jump MCMC technique is used to estimate the latent variables, including the types of the agents. A theoretical analysis of the identifiability of the model and uni-modality of the likelihood posterior are presented. 
Quality 
There are three contributions of this paper. The new GRUM model, theoretical analysis, and inference algorithm. The model is a generalization of RUM model to multiple agents with types, which is new. Theoretical guarantees are interesting, but have limitations discussed below in the significance section. The inference algorithm is quite standard and the numerical analysis is not impressive, either on the simulated data or the real world datasets. Only the performance of estimating the number of clusters is addressed, while the main problem is in clustering agents. A much more relevant numerical simulation would be simulating how the number of misclustering depends on problem parameters such as number of clusters, how much the matrix W differ between clusters, missing data, etc. 
Clarity 
Some claims could be better explained. 
On page 2, it is not clear what the authors mean by the first paragraph of section 1.1. Which aspects of the model eliminates unrealistic substitution patterns? and avoid the situation where removing the top choices result in the same alternative choice? 
On page 2, it is not clear from the numerical results that "the clustering of types provides a better fit to real world data". 
On page 5, in the definition of `nice' pdfs, $\phi^{(n)}(x)$ is used without proper definition, which makes the conditions difficult to understand. For instance, given \phi is a pdf, gn should be non-negative. But gn(x1)/gn(x2) converges to -1. 
The definition of `nice' cdf's is not intuitive and no explanation is given as to why the model might not be identifiable if noise cdf is not `nice'. 
On page 7, it is claimed that "It can be seen that GRUM with 3 types has significantly better performance than...". However, from the table, it seems like the gain is only marginal. How significant is the gain of 2~3 % in the log posterior? 
Originality 
This paper extends the definition of RUM model to the setting where there are multiple alternatives and multiple agents. The correlation between the agents are modelled via types that an agent belongs to. RJ-MCMC approach seems to be quite standard. 
Significance 
The main results on the theoretical guarantees are interesting, but the application is limited. For theorem 1, unimodality is only established when the types are known (as clearly explained in the paper). This limits the convergence of MCMC approach, and it is not clear how long one should run the MCMC in practice. This paper does not explain why the proposed problem is difficult. Why has this problem not been addresses so far, as the authors claim? Further, because there is no comparisons either in theoretical results or numerical results, it is difficult to judge how good the proposed algorithm is. 
 Theoretical guarantees are interesting, but has limitations. A comparison to fundamental limit or other approaches is lacking, either in theory or simulations.