the paper discussed random utility models with "Types". The definition of "type" in this work is the formula that 
combines agent's attributes with those of a given alternative, giving rise to a perceived value. It doesn't necessarily 
mean that two agents of the same "type" have the same taste, or preference profile. In that sense, this model is 
quite expressive. the observations are complete rankings of the set of alternatives, as induced by the perceived valures. 
Aside from defining this model, the theoretical contribution, as far as I can see, is as follows: 
(1) identifiability of the model in case the types are known 
(2) identifiability of the model in case of unobserved types for a certain class of cdfs governing the noise. 
The algorithmic contribution is a RJMCMC heuristic for recovering the model parameters from the observations. 
Experiments contain both synthetic data and data from a sushi response experiment from [26]. 
Strengths 
--------- 
This model is new, as far as I know. The sushi experiments somewhat justifies it because the best fit 
comes from assuming 3 "types", and not just "1". (see also my remark below). 
The identifiability result (2) is intesting [note that identifiability result (1) is not very 
surprising - it is basically the same as the full rank requirement in linear regression]. 
Weaknesses 
---------- 
1. Although the model is original, I am not sure I see why latent "types" are better than, say, assuming 
that each individual and each alternative have some more features that are latent. This is basically what you often do in 
collaborative filtering. From a computational point of view this would give a non-convex optimization problem, but 
then, so is the model here. It would have been nice to compare both approaches. 
2. In section 1.2 you say that this paper allows for inference at finer levels of aggregation such as the individual level, 
whereas the cited works (e.g. [7]) do not. In the experiments however, I don't see any attempt to showcase this 
finer inference ability, and hence I conclude that you could have compared your results with those cited in section 1.2 
in some way. I mean, it is very nice to know that the sushi data has best fit with 3 types, but this in no way supports 
your claim on "individual level inference". 
detailed comments 
----------------- 
last paragraph in page 1 (continuing on page 2) - Regarding the "unresolved issue" of "restrictive functional 
assumptions about the distribution...". The reader feels like this work is about to resolve this issue, but 
I don't see how. don't you still make assumptions about the "taste shock"? 
section 3.1: first sentence is very bad 
last sentence on page 4: which equality? put the equality in display math and refer to it using \ref{} 
last sentence on page 5: why is a theorem a problem? 
page 6: "a enough"---> "enough" 
 random utility model with "types" with statistical identifiability results, a proposed algorithm and experiments. model new, some theoretical novelty, experiments a bit disappointing.