This paper gives a spectral algorithm for learning HMM from non-sequential observations. Motivated by several scientific examples, the authors define a sampling model for non-sequential observations that shares some similarities with the generative model of Latent Dirichlet Allocation. Then, resorting to recent spectral techniques for learning LDA, HMM, and mixture models, they prove sample bounds for recovering the parameters of an HMM with continuous output from data sampled according to this model. The last section provides a simple simulation that illustrates the behavior of the algorithm in a synthetic example. Proofs of all results are given in the supplementary material. 
The main contribution of the paper is to identify a sampling model for non-sequential data generated from an HMM which is amenable to theoretical analysis using recent results on spectral learning, and to prove finite-sample bounds under this model. The experimental evaluation is extremely limited, and perhaps unnecessary given the nature of the paper -- the space used by this part could probably be put to a better use, e.g. highlighting the novel points in the proofs found in the appendix. 
In general the paper is well written. The authors explain most of the intuitions behind their results in the text. However, the mathematical style is rather dry -- specially the sample bounds, which favor precision over asymptotic behavior, are quite hard to grasp. 
The content of the paper is not extremely original, though there is some novelty in the generative model for non-sequential data and the way it is analyzed. Proof techniques, though involved, look very similar to those in other spectral learning analyses. Besides, the problem of using non-sequence data in a spectral learning algorithm for HMM was already considered in (Spectral Learning of Hidden Markov Models from Dynamic and Static Data, T. Huang and J. Schneider, ICML 2013). 
The significance of the method depends on whether the algorithm performs well on real data which, most likely, won't be generated according to the sampling model defined in the paper. The authors leave this as future work, but the sample sizes for which they report good results on a synthetic target suggest that it may not be applicable to problems where only small samples are available. 
 Typo  
[line 107] V2 -> X2 The paper gives the first finite-sample bounds for learning HMM from non-sequence data from a reasonable sampling model. The interest of this approach depends on whether the algorithm will behave well on the real problems that motivate the model.