Summary: The paper concerns hierarchical multi-class classification. The authors study whether and when a hierarchical classifier can be more beneficial than its flat counterpart. They proof a generalization bound that provides an explanation when a flat and when a hierarchical classifier should be used. Additionally, the authors provide an approach for logistic regression and naive Bayes classifiers, which enables pruning of nodes in large-scale hierarchies. 
Quality: The authors consider a very interesting and up-to-date problem. Therefore I was very glad to read this paper. The first bound obtained by the authors is very interesting and indeed provides an explanation of existing empirical results. The rest of the paper is less clear. It seems that Lemma 1 is quite similar to standard results in statistics. At least, I suppose that a similar result has been published elsewhere. I am also not entirely convinced by the pruning strategy introduced by the authors. A better explanation is required here. It is also not clear why AdaBoost with Random Forest is used as the meta-classifier. What are the reasons to use such a complex classifier here, while the main classification problem is solved by rather simple linear algorithms? It is also not clear how the results concerning pruning of the hierarchy can be generalized to other algorithms. 
Clarity: The paper is quite dense, therefore not easy to read. It contains many theoretical results, which are not easy to verify in the limited time of the reviewing period. Personally, I would prefer a paper that would be constructed around one of the results, for example, the first theorem. Then the verification of the results would be easier, as well as the reading of the paper. Unfortunately, the second part of the paper concerning logistic regression and pruning is not so clear as the first part. The description of the meta-classifier could be improved. It seems that there is missing something around Theorem 3. At least it is not clear when Theorem 3 ends. 
Originality: The results are in my opinion very original. I do not know any paper that considers a similar problem. 
Significance: The obtained results can be very significant. At least the first theorem (if the proof is correct) gives a nice explanation of the performance of flat and hierarchical classifiers.  Summary: It is an interesting paper that concerns an up-to-date problem. Personally, I like very much the first part of the paper around theorem 1. The rest of the paper is unfortunately less understandable.Update (after rebuttal): I thank the authors for their clarifications. The second part of the paper is now a little bit clearer for me, however, still I think that this part could be written in a more comprehensible way.