The paper considers various methods of achieving consensus labeling in a crowdsourcing setting, specifically the special case where some real-valued quantity has to be estimated by e.g., averaging estimates from multiple users. 
If individuals have a fixed bias, and some truth values are available, the bias could be estimated using only the true values, or using all labels provided by the user. 
The paper provides theoretical results under this specific data model for these two schemes, in an effort to estimate how many true values are needed. 
The theoretical work seems solid, and matches up fairly well with empirical data in the simulations. In particular, as one might intuitively expect, the joint estimation scheme is asymptotically much preferred as more questions need to be answered. 
Overall, it's a nice combination of a theoretical contribution and empirical evaluation on a current topic. Many questions remain on the model itself, and perhaps the authors could discuss some of these details in the paper. 
Some general questions on the model: 
1. relevance: are there many such "real-valued-estimation" problems that could in fact benefit from crowdsourcing? The authors mention forecasting as a possible application.would this bias- or bias-variance model be empirically appropriate for those settings? 
2. model structure: consider an extremely simplified model where all workers share a bias, i.e., crowd-average is always off-by the same quantity irrespective of teh crowd. Then these estimation schemes are inappropriate/can be vastly simplified. 
how would such a model work in practice? e.g., the football dataset suggests that a "variance-only" model may in fact work out better. 
3. in general, model appropriateness is a challenge - what would the authors suggest for figuring out the appropriate model? a larger control experiment, or other strategies? The paper provides theoretical results and empirical evaluation of two specific models of consensus labeling, addressing the question of how many "pre-labeled" items are needed to achieve robust consensus labeling. The paper is a nice combination of theory and evaluation on a current, relevant problem.