The authors consider the natural problem of bounding the number of control questions needed to evaluate workers' performance in a crowdsourcing task. They posit two methods of leveraging control questions. One is a two-stage estimator that produces two estimates, one for the biases of the workers and another for the bias-neutralized estimate for the true label. For this method they show that to minimize the MSE of the estimator one needs O(sqrt(L)) control questions to each worker where L is the number of labels provided by each worker. 
The other method they consider is a joint-estimator of the biases and true labels. This model turns out to be more complex to analyze and the authors solve the problem by connecting the MSE to the eigenvalues of the adjacency matrix of the bipartite graph connecting items to workers. Here the bound on the number of control items turns out to be O(L/sqrt(n)), where n is the total number of items labeled. Since the number of items given to each worker is <= n this bound is O(sqrt(L)) and is much better than the two-stage estimator in terms of the number of control questions needed as n --> \infty. The joint-estimator crucially relies on the structure of the assignment graph of items to workers. In particular, the bound mentioned above holds if the assignment graph is an expander. Happily, a random graph is an expander almost surely and a random L-regular assignment scheme works. 
The paper concludes with some realistic experiments which show that the performance follows the theoretical results. I found it interesting (and appreciate) that the authors also investigated what happens if some of the assumptions made in the derivations doesn't hold and they discover that the joint-estimator method, though better in control question utilization, is not as robust as the two-stage method when the model is mis-specified. The paper is well written and though the proofs are a little too concise for my taste, the reviewer understands that this might be because of the page limits. 
Minor typo: In the conclusion section line 371, O(L) should be O(sqrt(L)).  The reviewer feels that this paper contains important and interesting results and recommends the paper for acceptance.