This paper proposes determinantal point processes as a method to model inhibitory interactions in spike train data. The authors present a maximum likelihood approach based on stochastic gradient descent. This is an interesting idea that could potentially be a powerful non-factorial spike train model. 
However, the presentation here seems a bit unfocused, and it's not obvious to what extent DPPs will actually improve model accuracy. Since gain and periodic terms can easily be built into GLMs, it wasn't obvious to me that framing the problem as a DPP was worth the trouble. Rather than looking at structure in the latent space, it seems more valuable to compare the utility of the DPP approach to other approaches. 
GLMs with coupling between neurons, although not instantaneous, do capture correlations fairly well, and state-space models do even better with instantaneous correlations (cf Macke et al NIPS 2011). Several groups have also recently built models of instantaneous interactions using pseudo-likelihood approaches (Stevenson et al 2012 and Hanslinger et al Neural Comp 2013). How do these models, which might be considered more tractable, compare to the DPP approach? 
Minor issues: 
What kernel k_\theta was actually used? How important is it to use a kernel built on marginal preferences (as in Eq 2)? 
It's unclear to me from eq 6 how the gain control works here. In Carandini and Heeger's framing normalization is a nonlinear operation on the rate of each neuron. Here \nu_t appears to be just a positive, stimulus-dependent scalar that affects the entire population. Is that right? 
In section 2.1, the history isn't quite accurate. GLMs were actually proposed to model spike trains much earlier (Brillinger 1988 and Chornoboy et al. 1988), and Harris et al. 2003 (rather than Truccolo et al.) was one of the first to really apply it to data. 
In response to the rebuttal: the additional model comparison results are helpful. I'm a bit surprised that the DPP does so much better. It still may be useful to look into the GLM-like models that can be used to describe instantaneous coupling mentioned above. This paper proposes determinantal point processes as a method to model inhibitory interactions in spike train data. This is an interesting idea that could potentially be a powerful non-factorial spike train model; however, the presentation here seems a bit unfocused.