This paper proposes a generalized method of moments approach to rank aggregation, specifically by estimating the parameters of a Plackett-Luce (PL) model from a sample of rankings. The proposed method works by decomposing rankings into pairwise comparisons, which are then used to build a transition matrix, the stationary distribution of which is used to parameterize the PL model. The authors establish consistency results for different ways of "breaking" the input rankings into pairwise comparisons, and experimentally validate the efficiency of the approach on two datasets. 
Overall, the paper is clearly written, and the method seems sound. The "breaking" technique is both interesting and intuitive. 
My two main concerns with this paper are the practical applicability of the method, and the thoroughness of experimental evaluation. 
In both the analysis and the experiments, the authors focus on a small-m/large-n regime, where a large number of rankings are given over a small set of items. While consistency is generally a desirable property, I'm not convinced that it's the main quality of interest for rank aggregation. Many of the practical applications mentioned by the authors in the introduction (e.g., meta-search) are large-m/small-n settings in which relatively few rankings are provided over a large set of items. The authors do discuss the computational complexity of inference, but there is no discussion or evaluation of accuracy in this regime, and it's not clear how well the proposed method would perform. 
The experiments on synthetic and real data do illustrate qualitative differences between different breaking strategies, both for speed and accuracy (RMSE and Kendall correlation). However, neither metric seems specifically appropriate for top-k breakings (figure 4), as the scores may be polluted by errors low in the ranking which have no qualitative effect in practice. It would be helpful to see at least one position-dependent score here. 
Minor comments: 
Line 83: \gamma* is not used in the definition of Pr_PL. Should this be \gamma? 
Line 95: should the norm ||a||_W be squared here? Is this intended as a proper norm (i.e., W positive definite), or is it just meant as a convenient notation? Is it necessary to introduce the W notation here anyway, since it seems that the remainder of the paper sets W=I? 
Line 102: GMM_g(D,W) is set-valued, should converge to the set {\gamma}, not the point \gamma. 
Line 124: section 3 title misspells "Plackett" 
Line 245, Eq. 2: should both the numerator and denominator here be in terms of Pos(c, d)? Or Pos(c)? 
Line 377: broken reference in footnote 4 
 This paper proposes a generalized method of moments approach to estimating the parameter vector for a Plackett-Luce ranking model. The paper is clearly written and the analysis is interesting, but it's not entirely clear how practically applicable the method is, and the experimental evaluation could be more thorough.