This paper presents a new method for using human feedback to improve a reinforcement-learning agent. The novelty of the approach is to transform human feedback into a potentially inconsistent estimate on the optimality of an action, instead of a reward as is often the case. The resultant algorithm outperforms the previous state of the art in a pair of toy domains. I thought this was an excellent paper, which appropriately motivated the problem, clearly introduced a new idea and then compared performance to other state-of-the-art algorithms (and not just strawmen). I mostly have suggestions for improvement. 
- I really liked the use of simulated human teacher, which could be manipulated systematically to change likelihood and consistency of feedback. One thing I would have liked to see is much lower likelihoods of feedback (< 1%) 
- Something that worries me is that people may be systematically inconsistent in their feedback. In psychology, one of the most common uses of reward shaping is in the process of training a new behaviour through successive approximation. That is, let's say you want a rat to pull a chain. First, you would reward the rat for getting near the chain, then for touching it, and finally for pulling on it. At each step, you deliberately stop rewarding the earlier step. How would Advise deal with this type of systematic inconsistency in the human feedback (which is the type of feedback they might get from an expert human trainer)? 
- Sec 4.2: I found the assumption that humans only know one optimal action to be a bit too strong. What happens to the algorithm if that assumption is relaxed? Is performance compromised if the human teacher vacillates between shaping two different optimal actions? Maybe it should? A few words on this issue would be nice. 
- One other issue that arises in working with human feedback is delay. Much inconsistency may simple be due to people not responding at the same rate each time—i.e., giving positive feedback only after another intervening action. I think this might actually be another reason that the Advise approach (which allows for inconsistency) is stronger than the other alternatives considered. 
Minor things: 
line 053: "from MDP reward" is an awkward construction 
sec 5.1. How do you win in Pac-Man? Eat both dots? Not specified. 
Table 1 (and figures). Second column would be clearer as "Reduced Frequency" instead of "Reduced Feedback". Also, the ordering of conditions (from left to right) is different in Table 1 than the subsequent figures. 
lines 234-247. The relation between control sharing and action biasing could be made a little clearer. 
lines 294. prior estimate of the (missing of) 
Figure 2. Other than the ideal case, why choose to plot only those cases where Advise does not help (if I am reading Table 1 correctly)? 
line 369-370. More accurately, it's probably best to take the closest overestimate of C (i.e., err upward). 
Figures 4 and 5: The text in the figures (esp the axis labels) was way too small.  This paper presents a new method for using human feedback to improve a reinforcement-learning agent. The approach was novel, and the experiments nicely showed improvement performance against other state-of-the-art approaches.