A basic question in neuroscience concerns the relation between network structure and function. A major difficulty in relating the two is multi-leveled complexity of neural systems in terms on nonlinearity, variability and stochasticity. The present is concerned with networks of spiking neurons which attempt to optimally represent time-varying input signals. The performance cost function comprises a quadratic error function and a penalty for high activity. The authors show how the natural network dynamics of a network of spiking neurons can be described as minimizing this cost function, leading to a so-called balanced state, which is, arguably, widely regarded as a natural state for biological neuron dynamics. An important attribute of the present formulation is that it does not rely on linear approximations, as has often been used in the past, leading to a more faithful representation of the true dynamics. Within this framework the authors compute the firing rates as the solution of a quadratic problem subject to non-negativity constraints on the rates, allowing them to express the solution in closed form as piece-wise linear function. They also relate the types of tuning curves obtained (monotonic or bell-shaped) to the nature of the input, and show that optimal performance can be achieved using heterogeneous tuning curves, as has been, indeed, observed in biological systems. 
Overall I found this paper interesting and insightful, and, in combination with ref. [13] that deals with synaptic plasticity, constitute an original contribution to the structure-function relationship. 
Specific comments: 
1) The form of E in (6) suggests that W must be symmetric (since the anti-symmetric component of W does not contribute to the quadratic term). However, eq. (7) itself does not seem to require symmetry. Please relate to this issue. 
2) Equation (6) suggests that it must have a minimum at which dE/d\nu=0 so that \dot V = 0. However, why does this entail Vi=0 (balanced state) rather than Vi=constant. 
3) Typo: Line 330, where $\beta I$ - something is missing. 
 An interesting paper motivating the balanced state in spiking neural networks as a solution to an optimal representation problem. This is an original and insightful contribution.