The paper propsoes two algorithms, one for finding and one for correcting errors in the shape of segments of electron microscopy images for neural circuit reconstruction. It combines these algorithms in a heuristic fashion so as to greedily update an initial segmentation.
* Contribution
I understand that the first deep network (called the detector) estimates, for any ROI, whether the segment overlapping the central pixel in this ROI needs correction. I also understand that the second deep network (called the corrector) estimates the shape of the correct segment that overlaps with the central pixel. 
It seems to me that, taking only the output of the corrector, at every pixel, and a metric of segmentations such as the VI, one obtains a consensus problem for the entire volume. However, this problem is not studied or even mentioned in this paper. Instead, some greedy algorithm (described informally in Section 5) based in some way on some superpixel segmentation (mentioned in Section 5) is used to incrementally update an initial segmentation.
While the empirical results may be of interest to a connectomics audience (which I cannot judge), I doubt that this greedy algorithm has applications beyong connectomics. 
I conclude that this paper is not of sufficient interest to the wider NIPS audience.
* Presentation
The paper is well-structured and quite well-written, except for the technical sections 3, 4 and especially 5 that are entirely informal, which makes it hard to understand how the algorithms work in exact detail. 
The relation of a problem that is hard to solve to a problem whose solution is easy to verify should be toned down in the introduction as well as in the discussion of related work, as this idea is familiar to most computer scientists from the definition of the complexity class NP. In particular, I do not agree "that the error detection task is better posed than the supervoxel agglomeration task."
* Related work
The relation of the proposed method to GANs [8,9] and visual attention [10] is far-fetched, speculative and not supported in this work by technical arguments. If the authors wish to hint on such connections, they should do so only in an outlook, at the end of the paper.