I have read the other reviews and the rebuttal.
This is paper is concerned with deterministically constructing a feature map z for the class of subgaussian kernels, which can serve as a substitute for random Fourier transforms. By Bochner's theorem, expressing a kernel via its Fourier transforms amounts to computing an intractable integral. While, classically, this integral is computed by MC integration, the authors propose to use Gaussian quadrature to calculate this Fourier transform. For the special case of the ANOVA kernel, the Gaussian quadrature based Fourier transform is shown to produce good estimates using O(D) instead of O(D^3). The good performance of this method is backed up by experiments for classification problems on MNIST and TIMIT. 
The paper reads very well. The introduction on kernels and quadrature is well-written and serves as a good introduction. I liked the fact that the involved proofs are in the appendix, however I would recommend to mention this in the main text, since I at first thought that they were simply omitted. 
This research is highly significant. Substituting high-dimensional Monte Carlo integration with deterministic ones can---as the paper shows---yield significant speed-ups, if it is done right. Of course this will only work, if one fits the integration rule to the integrand. This case, where the ANOVA kernel is used, is a convincing example, since it encodes sparse dependencies and therefore the 'curse of dimensionality', i.e. the room for a function to wiggle around uncontrollably in unmodelled dimensions, can be avoided. I think this would be very interesting for the community to see.
As an addition I would like to point the authors to an interesting line of research concerning probabilistic versions of Gaussian quadrature rules, about which the authors might not know. Sarkka et al [1] have shown that one can obtain Gaussian quadrature rules (i.e. polynomially-exact quadrature) as a posterior mean for Bayesian quadrature with suitable kernels. Maybe this can be combined with your methods, if the numerical uncertainty over the integration for the Fourier map is important?
As a last point of criticism, I want to point out that one of the fundamental references in this paper---[18] "How to cale up kernel methods to be as good as neural nets"---is only an arxiv submission and appears not to be peer-reviewed although it was published in 2014. Is this the case or was the wrong reference chosen? For a reference which is cited as a fundamental reason for this paper I would expect something which is peer-reviewed.
Overall, I think it's a very good paper and due to its interesting theoretical and practical implications I vote to 'accept'.
[1] https://arxiv.org/pdf/1504.05994.pdf