This paper provides an extension to Fruit & Lazaric, 2017 for the problem
of exploration and exploitation with temporal abstraction in the framework of options. It weakens the previous assumptions on the structure of the given set of options: it does not require inclusion of primitive options or upper bounds on the distributions of the sojourn time or cumulative return.
A novelty of the proposed analysis is that it leverages the MDP structure "within" options rather than only the SMDP-level. This perspective is in the spirit
of the original options paper "between mdps and smdps [...]" which advocated for
a framework capable of interleaving various time scales (mdp or smdp).
The analysis is constructed on the observation that the internal structure
of each option is amenable to an MDP with a random horizon specified by the
termination function. The authors show how an optimistic policy can be written
in terms of the "internal" stationary distributions induced by each each option.
Confidence bounds are then obtained over these stationary distributions rather
than the cumulative return and sojourn times as in Fruit & Lazaric 2017.
The theoretical guarantees obtained under this setting capture some interesting properties which have been observed empirically, eg.: long options are harder to learn, options whose transition models have sparser support facilitates learning.
Despite its technicality, the main paper remains readable and the main results on 
the regret are accessible. It should be useful to readers of different backgrounds.
----
- The average reward criterion is adopted throughout the paper. I would like to
know if your analysis could also accommodate the discounted setting (which is also more commonly used in practice).
- While the appendix motivates the assumption on the initiation sets (only one state per option) it does not address the question of compositionality in Assumption 1. How can the compositionality be satisfied in general ?
Line 251 : "[...] somewhat worst-case w.r.t. to the correlation".
This statement is unclear. However, the question of correlation between options
is interesting and should be developed in the text.