Summary:
The authors proposed a new method for cursor control in the intracortical brain-computer interfaces. To improve the performance of standard Kaman filter based decoder, they proposed a dynamic Bayesian network that includes the goal position as a latent variable, and also proposed a flexible likelihood model for neural decoding. With the proposed likelihood model and Bayesian network, they used semi-Markov model to analyze the dynamics. With a latent counter variable for both the goal position and cursor angle, their method is capable to integrate information over a longer history. They used junction tree algorithm to obtain the inference. Simulations for both offline and online experiments are used to show that their method can predict motion directions with neural activity, and has improved performance compared with Kaman filter baselines. 
Qualitative assessment:
The paper shows that the proposed method leads to slightly improved performance compared with traditional Kaman filter decoder in the brain-computer interface system. According to the offline experiment result in Figure 5, the flexible tuning likelihood and the semi-Markov method both make a contribution to improving the result. The topic is not novel, but the work is a reasonable advance on previous work. The paper is well organized and generally clearly written.
Comments:
1) In the dynamic Bayesian network proposed by the author, the goal position is incorporated as a latent state. The motivation is unclear. It seems that the system needs to infer the not only the intent of the movement, but also the final goal of the subject that uses the brain-computer interfaces, which is radically harder problem. This should be discussed more thoroughly.
2) In the offline experiment, the advantage of the proposed method can be observed compared to kaman filter decoder with various configuration. However, in the online experiment, the improvement is not obvious to me. In the left subfigure of figure 7, I can hardly conclude which gives better performance.
3) Check for typos in the derivation of the inference algorithm in the supplementary materials.