\noindent The paper considers the game tree of a two-person zero-sum game. The payoff at each leaf of the tree is assumed to be stochastic and the tree can be of arbitrary length. The goal is to identify the best move at the root of the tree that gives the highest payoff. A PAC setting is considered in this paper where the move can be sub-optimal within a parameter $\epsilon$. Notice that the Best Arm Identification (MAI) problem is such a tree with depth 1. Two algorithms are proposed which are based respectively on UGapE and LUCB. They are essentially the same as in the MAI problem. However, in the present context, the algorithms need to deal with the structure (i.e. depth, branches) of the tree. The algorithms maintain confidence intervals at each leaf node and propagate them upwards to the root. They also maintain a ``representative" leaf for each internal node of the tree, which corresponds to the leaf that should be sampled if the confidence interval of that internal node needs to be updated. Then the algorithm proceeds similarly as in MAI. In each round, the algorithm identifies the two marginal children of the root, and samples the represetative leaf of one (or both, depending on the algorithm) of them. The stopping rule is exactly the same as the one typically used for MAI. Theoretical upper and lower bounds are derived. Upper bounds are similar to the results of LUCB in MAI and lower bounds are also similar to that in MAI.
In general, the paper is well-motivated and the results presented in the current paper indeed improves upon earlier results both theoretically and experimentally (especially experimentally, in which the new algorithms take only about 1/7 the number of samples by the state-of-the-art algorithm). Moreover, the paper is clear written and easy to follow. However, while the problem considered is a generalization of the MAI problem, the algorithms and all the analysis are too similar to that in MAI. In addition, while the paper by Jamieson et al. 2014 on LIL is listed in the reference, it is not mentioned if that techinique will help to improve the results both experimentally and theoretically. It it known that LIL can improve the CBlike bound in MAI setting. It would be better to investigate this point.
To sum up, the paper is in general a good paper, especially given the significant improvement in experimental results.