Paper summary:
The authors propose an algorithm for the efficient estimation of the mismatch string kernel. They show empirically that the resulting estimate is accurate and provide theoretical guarantees to support their work. Moreover, empirical results support that using the kernel estimate does not hinder the accuracy of the SVM. Finally, the authors provide an upper bound on the runtime of their algorithm.
Strengths and weaknesses:
The paper is clear and well written. Proofs and technical parts of the paper are relatively easy to follow thanks to a consistent notation. It is great that the datasets used are from different domains and that the authors will make their source code available.
This work is strongly based on the hypothesis that increasing the number of mismatch in the kernel will improve classification accuracy. Because of this, it would be great if this hypothesis was more strongly supported in the paper.
In Figure 1, datasets are ordered by sequence lengths. We observe that, as sequence lengths increase, the running time benefit of the proposed approach diminish. Can the authors comment on this?
Clarity & Quality:
What are the values used for epsilon, delta and B in the Evaluation section? Additional experiments exploring the impact of these parameters would be a great addition to the paper.
Why all five datasets are not part of Table 2, 3, and 4? If more space is needed, the authors can provide the complete result as supplementary material.
Significance & Originality:
The paper addresses a very specific question that will most likely appeal to narrow audience of NIPS. However, the work is of high quality and does succeed in improving the computational time of the mismatch kernel. Because the authors will make their source code available after publication, I believe that this paper can have a significant impact in its field.
Errors / typos:
Line 95: "belongs to theset of"
Table 1: Are the evaluations column for the SCOP and Artist20 datasets correct?
Line 193: Figure 4 should point to Figure 1
Line 204: "Generating these kernels days"
Line 214: "an efficient for evaluation of"