- Strengths:
This paper explores is problem of identifying patients with Mild Cognitive
Impairment (MCI) by analyzing speech transcripts available from three different
datasets. A graph based method leveraging co-occurrence information between
words found in transcripts is described. Features are encoded using different
characteristics of the graph lexical, syntactic properties, and many others. 
Results are reported using 5 fold cross validation using a number of
classifiers. Different models exhibit different performance across the three
datasets. This work targets a well defined problem and uses appropriate
datasets. 
- Weaknesses:
The paper suffers from several drawbacks
1. The paper is hard to read due to incorrect usage of English. The current
manuscript would benefit a  lot from a review grammar and spellings. 
2. The main machine learning problem being addressed is poorly described. What
was a single instance of classification? It seems every transcripts was
classified as MCI or No MCI. If this is the case, the dataset descriptions
should describe the numbers at a transcript level. Tables 1,2, and 3 should
describe the data not the study that produced the transcripts. The age of the
patients is irrelevant for the classification task. A lot of text (2 pages) is
consumed in simply describing the datasets with details that do not affect the
end classification task. Also, I was unsure why numbers did not add up. For
e.g.: in section 4.1.1 the text says 326 people were involved. But the total
number of males and females in Table 1 are less than 100?
3. What is the motivation behind enriching the graph? Why not represent each
word by a node in the graph and connect them by the similarity between their
vectors, irrespective of co-occurrence?
4. The datsets are from a biomedical domain. No domain specific tools have been
leveraged.
5. Since dataset class distribution is unclear, it is unclear to determine if
accuracy is a good measure for evaluation. In either case, since it is a binary
classification task, F1 would have been a desirable metric. 
6. Results are reported unto 4 decimal places on very small datasets (43
transcripts) without statistical tests over increments. Therefore, it is
unclear if the gains are significant.