The paper describes a novel application of mostly existing representations,
features sets, and methods: namely, detecting Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) 
in speech narratives. The nature of the problem, datasets, and domain are
thoroughly described. While missing some detail, the proposed solution and
experiments sound reasonable. Overall, I found the study interesting and
informative.
In terms of drawbacks, the paper needs some considerable editing to improve
readability. Details on some key concepts appear to be missing. For example, 
details on the multi-view learning used are omitted; the set of "linguistic
features" needs to be clarified; it is not entirely clear what datasets were
used to generate the word embeddings (presumably the 3 datasets described in
the paper, which appear to be too small for that purpose…). It is also not
clear why disfluencies (filled pauses, false starts, repetitions, etc.) were
removed from the dataset. One might suggest that they are important features in
the context of MCI. It is also not clear why the most popular tf-idf weighting
scheme was not used for the BoW classifications. In addition, tests for
significance are not provided to substantiate the conclusions from the
experiments. Lastly, the related work is described a bit superficially. 
Detailed comments are provided below:
Abstract: The abstract needs to be shortened. See detailed notes below.
Lines 22,23 need rephrasing.            "However, MCI disfluencies produce
agrammatical speech impacting in parsing results" → impacting the parsing
results?
Lines 24,25: You mean correct grammatical errors in transcripts manually? It is
not clear why this should be performed, doesn't the fact that grammatical
errors are present indicate MCI? … Only after reading the Introduction and
Related Work sections it becomes clear what you mean. Perhaps include some
examples of disfluencies.
Lines 29,30 need rephrasing: "as it a lightweight and language  independent
representation"
Lines 34-38 need rephrasing: it is not immediately clear which exactly are the
3 datasets. Maybe: "the other two: Cinderella and … "            
Line 70: "15% a year" → Not sure what exactly "per year" means…
Line 73 needs rephrasing.
Lines 115 - 117: It is not obvious why BoW will also have problems with
disfluencies, some explanation will be helpful.
Lines 147 - 149: What do you mean by "the best scenario"?
Line 157: "in public corpora of Dementia Bank" → a link or citation to
Dementia Bank will be helpful. 
Line 162: A link or citation describing the "Picnic picture of the Western
Aphasia Battery" will be helpful.
Line 170: An explanation as to what the WML subtest is will be helpful.
Line 172 is missing citations.
Lines 166 - 182: This appears to be the core of the related work and it is
described a bit superficially. For example, it will be helpful to know
precisely what methods were used to achieve these tasks and how they compare to
this study.
Line 185: Please refer to the conference citation guidelines. I believe they
are something along these lines: "Aluisio et al. (2016)  used…"
Line 188: The definition of "PLN" appears to be missing.
Lines 233 - 235 could you some rephrasing. Lemmatization is not necessarily a
last step in text pre-processing and normalization, in fact there are also
additional common normalization/preprocessing steps omitted. 
Lines 290-299: Did you create the word embeddings using the MCI datasets or
external datasets?
Line 322: consisted of → consist of
Lines 323: 332 need to be rewritten. ... "manually segmented of the
DementiaBank and Cinderella" →  What do you mean by segmented, segmented
into sentences? Why weren't all datasets automatically segmented?; "ABCD"
is not defined; You itemized the datasets in i) and ii), but subsequently  you
refer to 3 dataset, which is a bit confusing. Maybe one could explicitly name
the datasets, as opposed to referring to them as "first", "second",
"third".
Table 1 Caption: The demographic information is present, but there are no any
additional statistics of the dataset, as described.
Lines 375 - 388:  It is not clear why filled pauses, false starts, repetitions,
etc. were removed. One might suggest that they are important features in the
context of MCI ….
Line 399: … multidisciplinary team with psychiatrists ... → consisting of
psychiatrists…
Lines 340-440: A link or citation describing the transcription norms will be
helpful.
Section 4.2.1. It is not clear what dataset was used to generate the word
embeddings. 
Line 560. The shortest path as defined in feature 6?
Section "4.2.2 Linguistic Features" needs to be significantly expanded for
clarity. Also, please check the conference guidelines regarding additional
pages ("Supplementary Material").
Line 620: "In this work term frequency was …" → "In this work, term
frequency was …" Also, why not tf-idf, as it seems to be the most common
weighting scheme? 
The sentence on lines 641-645 needs to be rewritten.
Line 662: What do you mean by "the threshold parameter"? The threshold for
the word embedding cosine distance?
Line 735 is missing a period.
Section 4.3 Classification Algorithms: Details on exactly what scheme of
multi-view learning was used are entirely omitted. Statistical significance of
result differences is not provided.