- Strengths: 
Evaluating bag of words and "bound" contexts from either dependencies or
sentence ordering is important, and will be a useful reference to the
community. The experiments were relatively thorough (though some choices could
use further justification), and the authors used downstream tasks instead of
just intrinsic evaluations.
- Weaknesses: 
The authors change the objective function of GBOW from p(c|\sum w_i) to
p(w|\sum c_i). This is somewhat justified as dependency-based context with a
bound representation only has one word available for predicting the context,
but it's unclear exactly why that is the case and deserves more discussion.
Presumably the
non-dependency context with a bound representation would also suffer from this
drawback? If so, how did Ling et al., 2015 do it? Unfortunately, the authors
don't compare any results against the original objective, which is a definite
weakness. In addition, the authors change GSG to match GBOW, again without
comparing to the original objective. Adding results from word vectors trained
using the original GBOW and GSG objective functions would justify these changes
(assuming the results don't show large changes).
The hyperparameter settings should be discussed further. This played a large
role in Levy et al. (2015), so you should consider trying different
hyperparameter values. These depend pretty heavily on the task, so simply
taking good values from another task may not work well.
In addition, the authors are unclear on exactly what model is trained in
section 3.4. They say only that it is a "simple linear classifier". In section
3.5, they use logistic regression with the average of the word vectors as
input, but call it  a Neural Bag-of-Words model. Technically previous work also
used this name, but I find it misleading, since it's just logistic regression
(and hence a linear model, which is not something I would call "Neural"). It is
important to know if the model trained in section 3.4 is the same as the model
trained in 3.5, so we know if the different conclusions are the result of the
task or the model changing. 
- General Discussion: This paper evaluates context taken from dependency parses
vs context taken from word position in a given sentence, and bag-of-words vs
tokens with relative position indicators. This paper is useful to the
community, as they show when and where researchers should use word vectors
trained using these different decisions. 
- Emphasis to improve:
The main takeaway from this paper that future researchers will use is given at
the end of 3.4 and 3.5, but really should be summarized at the start of the
paper. Specifically, the authors should put in the abstract that for POS,
chunking, and NER, bound representations outperform bag-of-words
representations, and that dependency contexts work better than linear contexts
in most cases. In addition, for a simple text classification model, bound
representations perform worse than bag-of-words representations, and there
seemed to be no major difference between the different models or context types.
- Small points of improvement: 
Should call "unbounded" context "bag of words". This may lead to some confusion
as one of the techniques you use is Generalized Bag-Of-Words, but this can be
clarified easily.
043: it's the "distributional hypothesis", not the "Distributed Hypothesis". 
069: citations should have a comma instead of semicolon separating them.
074: "DEPS" should be capitalized consistently throughout the paper (usually it
appears as "Deps"). Also should be introduced as something like dependency
parse tree context (Deps).
085: typo: "How different contexts affect model's performances..." Should have
the word "do".