This paper presents a unified annotation that combines macrostructures and RST
structure in Chinese news articles. Essentially, RST structure is adopted for
each paragraph and macrostructure is adopted on top of the paragraphs. 
While the view that nuclearity should not depend on the relation label itself
but also on the context is appealing, I find the paper having major issues in
the annotation and the experiments, detailed below:
- The notion of "primary-secondary" relationship is advocated much in the
paper, but later in the paper that it became clear this is essentially the
notion of nuclearity, extended to macrostructure and making it
context-dependent instead of relation-dependent. Even then, the status
nuclear-nuclear, nuclear-satellite, satellite-nuclear are "redefined" as
new concepts.
- Descriptions of established theories in discourse are often incorrect. For
example, there is rich existing work on pragmatic functions of text but it is
claimed to be something little studied. There are errors in the related work
section, e.g., treating RST and the Chinese Dependency Discourse Treebank as
different as coherence and cohesion; the computational approach subsection
lacking any reference to work after 2013; the performance table of nuclearity
classification confusing prior work for sentence-level and document-level
parsing.
- For the annotation, I find the macro structure annotation description
confusing; furthermore, statistics for the macro labels are not
listed/reported. The agreement calculation is also problematic; the paper
stated that "Our measurement data is only taken on the layer of leaf nodes". I
don't think this can verify the validity of the annotation. There are multiple
mentions in the annotation procedure that says "prelim experiments show this
is a good approach", but how? Finally it is unclear how the kappa values are
calculated since this is a structured task; is this the same calculation as RST
discourse treebank?
- It is said in the paper that nuclearity status closely associates with the
relation label itself. So what is the baseline performance that just uses the
relation label? Note that some features are not explained at all (e.g., what
are "hierarchical characteristics"?)
- The main contribution of the paper is the combination of macro and micro
structure. However, in the experiments only relations at the micro level are
evaluated; even so, only among 5 handpicked ones. I don't see how this
evaluation can be used to verify the macro side hence supporting the paper.
- The paper contains numerous grammatical errors. Also, there is no text
displayed in Figure 7 to illustrate the example.