- Strengths:
The paper has a promising topic (different writing styles in finishing a story)
that could appeal to Discourse and Pragmatics area participants.  
- Weaknesses:
The paper suffers from a convincing and thorough discussion on writing style
and implications of the experiments on discourse or pragmatics. 
(1) For example, regarding "style", the authors could have sought answers to
the following questions: what is the implication of starting an incoherent
end-of-story sentence with a proper noun (l. 582)? Is this a sign of topic
shift? What is the implication of ending a story coherently with a past tense
verb, etc. 
(2) It is not clear to me why studies on deceptive language are similar to
short or long answers in the current study. I would have liked to see a more
complete comparison here.
(3) The use of terms such as "cognitive load" (l. 134) and "mental states" (l.
671) appears somewhat vague. 
(4) There is insufficient discussion on the use of coordinators (line 275
onwards); the paper would benefit from a more thorough discussion of this issue
(e.g. what is the role of coordinators in these short stories and in discourse
in general? Does the use of coordinators differ in terms of the genre of the
story? How about the use of "no" coordinators?)  
(5) The authors do not seem to make it sufficiently clear who the target
readers of this research would be (e.g. language teachers? Crowd-sourcing
experiment designers? etc.) 
The paper needs revision in terms of organization
(there are repetitions throughout the text).  Also, the abbreviations in Table
5 and 6 are not clear to me. 
- General Discussion:
All in all, the paper would have to be revised particularly in terms of its
theoretical standpoint and implications to discourse and pragmatics.
=====
In their response to the reviewers' comments, the authors indicate their
willingness to update the paper and clarify the issues related to what they
have experimented with. However, I would have liked to see a stronger
commitment to incorporating the implications of this study to the Discourse and
Pragmatics area.