- Strengths:
 - the model if theoretically solid and motivated by formal semantics. 
- Weaknesses:
 - The paper is about is-a relation extraction but the majority of literature
about taxonomization is not referenced in the paper, inter alia:
Flati Tiziano, Vannella Daniele, Pasini Tommaso, Navigli Roberto.
2016. MultiWiBi: The multilingual Wikipedia bitaxonomy project.
Soren Auer, Christian Bizer, Georgi Kobilarov, Jens ¨
Lehmann, Richard Cyganiak, and Zachary Ive.
2007. DBpedia: A nucleus for a web of open data.
Gerard de Melo and Gerhard Weikum. 2010. MENTA:
Inducing Multilingual Taxonomies from Wikipedia.
Zornitsa Kozareva and Eduard H. Hovy. 2010. A
Semi-Supervised Method to Learn and Construct
Taxonomies Using the Web. 
Vivi Nastase, Michael Strube, Benjamin Boerschinger,
Caecilia Zirn, and Anas Elghafari. 2010. WikiNet:
A Very Large Scale Multi-Lingual Concept Network.
Simone Paolo Ponzetto and Michael Strube. 2007.
Deriving a large scale taxonomy from Wikipedia.
Simone Paolo Ponzetto and Michael Strube. 2011.
Taxonomy induction based on a collaboratively built
knowledge repository. 
Fabian M. Suchanek, Gjergji Kasneci, and Gerhard
Weikum. 2008. YAGO: A large ontology from
Wikipedia and WordNet. 
Paola Velardi, Stefano Faralli, and Roberto Navigli.
2013. OntoLearn Reloaded: A graph-based algorithm
for taxonomy induction. 
 - Experiments are poor, they only compare against "Hearst patterns" without
taking into account the works previously cited.
- General Discussion:
 The paper is easy to follow and the supplementary material is also well
written and useful, however the paper lack of references of is a relation
extraction and taxonomization literature. The same apply for the experiments.
In fact no meaningful comparison is performed and the authors not even take
into account the existence of other systems (more recent than hearst patterns).
I read authors answers but still i'm not convinced that they couldn't perform
more evaluations. I understand that they have a solid theoretical motivation
but still, i think that comparison are very important to asses if the
theoretical intuitions of the authors are confirmed also in practice. While
it's true that all the works i suggested as comparison build taxonomies, is
also true that a comparison is possible considering the edges of a taxonomy.
Anyway, considering the detailed author answer and the discussion with the
other reviewer i can rise my score to 3 even if i still think that this paper
is poor of experiments and does not frame correctly in the is-a relation
extraction / taxonomy building literature.