- Strengths:
This paper presents an approach for fine-grained IsA extraction by learning
modifier interpretations. The motivation of the paper is easy to understand and
this is an interesting task. In addition, the approach seems solid in general
and the experimental results show that the approach increases in the number of
fine-grained classes that can be populated.
- Weaknesses:
Some parts of the paper are hard to follow. It is unclear to me why D((e, p,
o)) is multiplied by w in Eq (7) and why the weight for e in Eq. (8) is
explained as the product of how often e has been observed with some property
and the weight of that property for the class MH. In addition, it also seems
unclear how effective introducing compositional models itself is in increasing
the coverage. I think one of the major factors of the increase of the coverage
is the modifier expansion, which seems to also be applicable to the baseline
'Hearst'. It would be interesting to see the scores 'Hearst' with modifier
expansion.
- General Discussion:
Overall, the task is interesting and the approach is generally solid. However,
since this paper has weaknesses described above, I'm ambivalent about this
paper.
- Minor comment:
I'm confused with some notations. For example, it is unclear for me what 'H'
stands for. It seems that 'H' sometimes represents a class such as in (e, H)
(- O, but sometimes represents a noun phrase such as in (H, p, N, w) (- D. Is
my
understanding correct?
In Paragraph "Precision-Recall Analysis", why the authors use area under the
ROC curve instead of area under the Precision-Recall curve, despite the
paragraph title "Precision-Recall Analysis"?
- After reading the response:
Thank you for the response. I'm not fully satisfied with the response as to the
modifier expansion. I do not think the modifier expansion can be applied to
Hearst as to the proposed method. However, I'm wondering whether there is no
way to take into account the similar modifiers to improve the coverage of
Hearst. I'm actually between 3 and 4, but since it seems still unclear how
effective introducing compositional models itself is, I keep my recommendation
as it is.