- Strengths:
Nice results, nice data set. Not so much work on Creole-like languages,
especially English.  
- Weaknesses:
A global feeling of "Deja-vu", a lot of similar techniques have been applied to
other domains, other ressource-low languages. Replace word embeddings by
clusters and neural models by whatever was in fashion 5 years ago and we can
find more or less the same applied to Urdu or out-of-domain parsing. I liked
this paper though, but I would have appreciated the authors to highlight more
their contributions and position their work better within the literature.
- General Discussion:
This paper presents a set of experiments designed a) to show the effectiveness
of a neural parser  in a scarce resource scenario and b) to introduce a new
data set of Creole English (from Singapour, called Singlish). While this data
set is relatively small (1200 annotated sentences, used with 80k unlabeled
sentences for word embeddings induction), the authors manage to present
respectable results via interesting approach even though using features from
relatively close languages are not unknown from the parsing community (see all
the line of work on parsing Urdu/Hindi, on Arabic dialect using MSA based
parsers, and so on).
Assuming we can see Singlish as an extreme of Out-of-domain English and given
all the set of experiments, I wonder why the authors didn't try the classical
technique on domain-adaptation, namely training with UD_EN+90% of the Singlish
within a 10 cross fold experiment ? just so we can have another interesting
baseline (with and without word embeddings, with bi-lingual embeddings if
enough parallel data is available).
I think that paper is interesting but I really would have appreciated more
positioning regarding all previous work in parsing low-ressources languages and
extreme domain adaptation. A table presenting some results for Irish and other
very small treebanks would be nice.
Also how come the IAA is so low regarding the labeled relations?
*
Note after reading the authors' answer
*
Thanks for your clarifications (especially for redoing the IAA evaluation). I
raised my recommendation to 4, I hope it'll get accepted.