- Strengths:
This is the first neural network-based approach to argumentation
mining. The proposed method used a Pointer Network (PN) model with
multi-task learning and outperformed previous methods in the
experiments on two datasets.
- Weaknesses:
This is basically an application of PN to argumentation
mining. Although the combination of PN and multi-task learning for
this task is novel, its novelty is not enough for ACL long
publication. The lack of qualitative analysis and error analysis is
also a major concern.
- General Discussion:
Besides the weaknesses mentioned above, the use of PN is not
well-motivated. Although three characteristics of PN were described in
l.138-143, these are not a strong motivation against the use of
bi-directional LSTMs and the attention mechanism. The authors should
describe what problems are solved by PN and discuss in the experiments
how much these problems are solved.
Figures 2 and 3 are difficult to understand. What are the self link to
D1 and the links from D2 to E1 and D3/D4 to E2? These are just the
outputs from the decoder and not links. The decoder LSTM does not have
an input from e_j in these figures, but it does in Equation (3). Also,
in Figure 3, the abbreviation "FC" is not defined.
Equation (8) is strange. To calculate the probability of each
component type, the probability of E_i is calculated.
In the experiments, I did not understand why only "PN", which is not a
joint model, was performed for the microtext corpus.
It is not clear whether the BLSTM model is trained with the joint-task
objective.
There are some studies on discourse parsing using the attention
mechanism. The authors should describe the differences from these studies.
Minor issues:
l.128: should related -> should be related
l.215: (2015) is floating
l.706: it able -> it is able
I raised my recommendation score after reading the convincing author responses.
I strongly recommend that the authors should discuss improved examples by PN as
well as the details of feature ablation.