- Strengths:
The authors introduce a new software package called ShapeWorld for
automatically generating data for image captioning problems. The microworld
used to generate the image captions is simple enough to make the data being
generated and errors by a model readily interpretable. However, the authors
demonstrate that configurations of the packages produce data that is
challenging enough to serve as a good benchmark for ongoing research.
- Weaknesses:
The primary weakness of this paper is that it does look a bit like a demo
paper. The authors do provides experiments that evaluate a reasonable baseline
image captioning system on the data generated by ShapeWorld. However, similar
experiments are included in demo papers.
The paper includes a hyperlink to the software package on github that
presumably unmasks the authors of the paper.
- General Discussion:
Scientific progress often involves some something analogous to vygotsky's zone
of proximal development, whereby progress can be made more quickly if research
focuses on problems with just the right level of difficulty (e.g., the use of
tidigits for speech recognition research in the early 90s). This paper is
exciting since it offers a simple microworld that is easy for researchers to
completely comprehend but that also is just difficult enough for existing
models.
The strengths of the work are multiplied by the fact that the software is
opensource, is readily available on github and generates the data in a format
that can be easily used with models built using modern deep learning libraries
(e.g., TensorFlow).
The methods used by the software package to generate the artificial data are
clearly explained. It is also great that the authors did experiments with
different configurations of their software and a baseline image caption model
in order to demonstrate the strengths and weakness of existing techniques. 
My only real concern with this paper is whether the community would be better
served by placing it in the demo section. Publishing it in the non-demo long
paper track might cause confusion as well as be unfair to authors who correctly
submitted similar papers to the ACL demo track.