- Strengths:
Well-written.
- Weaknesses:
Although the title and abstract of the paper suggest that robust parsing
methods for HPSG are being compared, the actual comparison is limited to only a
few techniques applied to a single grammar, the ERG (where in the past the 
choice has been made to create a treebank for only those sentences that are in
the coverage of the grammar). Since the ERG is quite idiosyncratic in this
respect, I fear that the paper is not interesting for researchers working in
other precision grammar frameworks.
The paper lacks comparison with robustness techniques that are routinely
applied for systems based on other precision grammars such as various systems
based on CCG, LFG, the Alpage system for French, Alpino for Dutch and there is
probably more. In the same spirit, there is a reference for supertagging to
Dridan 2013 which is about supertagging for ERG whereas supertagging for other
precision grammar systems has been proposed at least a decade earlier.
The paper lacks enough detail to make the results replicable. Not only are
various details not spelled out (e.g. what are those limits on resource
allocation), but perhaps more importantly, for some of the techniques that are
being compared (eg the robust unification), and for the actual evaluation
metric, the paper refers to another paper that is still in preparation.
The actual results of the various techniques are somewhat disappointing. With
the exception of the csaw-tb method, the resulting parsing speed is extreme -
sometimes much slower than the baseline method - where the baseline method is a
method in which the standard resource limitations do not apply. The csaw-tb
method is faster but not very accurate, and in any case it is not a method
introduced in this paper but an existing PCFG approximation technique.
It would be (more) interesting to have an idea of the results on a
representative dataset (consisting of both sentences that are in the coverage
of the grammar and those that are not). In that case, a comparison with the
"real" baseline system (ERG with standard settings) could be obtained.
Methodological issue: the datasets semcor and wsj00ab consist of sentences
which an older version of ERG could not parse, but a newer version could. For
this reason, the problems in these two datasets are clearly very much biased.
It is no suprise therefore that the various techniques obtain much better
results on those datasets. But to this reviewer, those results are somewhat
meaningless. 
minor:
EDM is used before explained
"reverseability"
- General Discussion: