The paper models the relation extraction problem as reading comprehension and
extends a previously proposed reading comprehension (RC) model to extract
unseen relations. The approach has two main components:
1. Queryfication: Converting a relation into natural question. Authors use
crowdsourcing for this part.
2. Applying RC model on the generated questions and sentences to get the answer
spans. Authors extend a previously proposed approach to accommodate situations
where there is no correct answer in the sentence.
My comments:
1. The paper reads very well and the approach is clearly explained.
2. In my opinion, though the idea of using RC for relation extraction is
interesting and novel, the approach is not novel. A part of the approach is
crowdsourced and the other part is taken directly from a previous work, as I
mention above.
3. Relation extraction is a well studied problem and there are plenty of
recently published works on the problem. However, authors do not compare their
methods against any of the previous works. This raises suspicion on the
effectiveness of the approach. As seen from Table 2, the performance numbers of
the proposed method on the core task are not very convincing. However, this
maybe because of the dataset used in the paper. Hence, a comparison with
previous methods would actually help assess how the current method stands with
the state-of-the-art.
4. Slot-filling data preparation: You say "we took the first sentence s in D to
contain both e and a". How can you get the answer sentence for (all) the
relations of an entity from the first sentence of the entity's Wikipedia
article? Please clarify this. See the following paper. They have a set of rules
to locate (answer) sentences corresponding to an entity property in its
Wikipedia page:
Wu, Fei, and Daniel S. Weld. "Open information extraction using Wikipedia."
Proceedings of the 48th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational
Linguistics. Association for Computational Linguistics, 2010.
Overall, I think the paper presents an interesting approach. However, unless
the effectiveness of the approach is demonstrated by comparing it against
recent works on relation extraction, the paper is not ready for publication.