The authors present a new formula for assessing readability of Vietnamese
texts. The formula is developed based on a multiple regression analysis with
three features. Furthermore, the authors have developed and annotated a new
text corpus with three readability classes (easy, middle, hard).
Research on languages other than English is interesting and important,
especially when it comes to low-resource languages. Therefore, the corpus might
be a nice additional resource for research (but it seems that the authors will
not publish it - is that right?). However, I don't think the paper is
convincing in its current shape or will influence future research. Here are my
reasons:
- The authors provide no reasons why there is a need for delevoping a new
formula for readability assessments, given that there already exist two
formulas for Vietnamese with almost the same features. What are the
disadvantages of those formulas and why is the new formula presented in this
paper better?
- In general, the experimental section lacks comparisons with previous work and
analysis of results. The authors claim that the accuracy of their formula (81%
on their corpus) is "good and can be applied in practice". What would be the
accuracy of other formulas that already exist and what are the pros and cons of
those existing formulas compared to the new one?
- As mentioned before, an analysis of results is missing, e.g. which word /
sentence lengths / number of difficult words are considered as easy/middle/hard
by their model?
- A few examples how their formula could be applied in a practical application
would be nice as well.
- The related work section is rather a "background" section since it only
presents previously published formulas. What I'm missing is a more general
discussion of related work. There are some papers that might be interesting for
that, e.g., DuBay 2004: "The principles of readability", or Rabin 1988:
"Determining difficulty levels of text written in languages other than English"
- Since Vietnamese is syllable-based and not word-based, I'm wondering how the
authors get "words" in their study. Do they use a particular approach for
merging syllables? And if yes, which approach do they use and what's the
accuracy of the approach?
- All in all, the content of the paper (experiments, comparisons, analysis,
discussion, related work) is not enough for a long paper.
Additional remarks:
- The language needs improvements
- Equations: The usage of parentheses and multiplying operators is inconsistent
- Related works section: The usage of capitalized first letters is inconsistent