- Strengths:
 I find the idea of using morphological compositionality to make decisions on
segmentation quite fruitful.
Motivation is quite clear
The paper is well-structured
- Weaknesses:
Several points are still unclear: 
  -- how the cases of rule ambiguity are treated (see "null->er" examples in
general discussion)
  -- inference stage seems to be suboptimal
  -- the approach is limited to known words only
- General Discussion:
The paper presents semantic-aware method for morphological segmentation. The
method considers sets of simple morphological composition rules, mostly
appearing as 'stem plus suffix or prefix'. The approach seems to be quite
plausible and the motivation behind is clear and well-argumented.
The method utilizes the idea of vector difference to evaluate semantic
confidence score for a proposed transformational rule. It's been previously
shown by various studies that morpho-syntactic relations are captured quite
well by doing word analogies/vector differences. But, on the other hand, it has
also been shown that in case of derivational morphology (which has much less
regularity than inflectional) the performance substantially drops (see
Gladkova, 2016; Vylomova, 2016). 
 The search space in the inference stage although being tractable, still seems
to be far from optimized (to get a rule matching "sky->skies" the system first
needs to searhc though the whole R_add set and, probably, quite huge set of
other possible substitutions) and limited to known words only (for which we can
there exist rules). 
 It is not clear how the rules for the transformations which are
orthographically the same, but semantically completely different are treated.
For instance, consider "-er" suffix. On one hand, if used with verbs, it
transforms them into agentive nouns, such as "play->player". On the other hand,
it could also be used with adjectives for producing comparative form, for
instance, "old->older". Or consider "big->bigger" versus "dig->digger".
More over, as mentioned before, there is quite a lot of irregularity in
derivational morphology. The same suffix might play various roles. For
instance, "-er" might also represent patiental meanings (like in "looker"). Are
they merged into a single rule/cluster? 
 No exploration of how the similarity threshold and measure may affect the
performance is presented.