This paper proposes a simple attention-based RNN model for generating SQL
queries from natural language without any intermediate representation. Towards
this end they employ a data augmentation approach where more data is
iteratively collected from crowd annotation, based on user feedback on how well
the SQL queries produced by the model do. Results on both the benchmark and
interactive datasets show that data augmentation is a promising approach.
Strengths:
- No intermediate representations were used. 
- Release of a potentially valuable dataset on Google SCHOLAR.
Weaknesses:
- Claims of being comparable to state of the art when the results on GeoQuery
and
ATIS do not support it. 
General Discussion:
This is a sound work of research and could have future potential in the way
semantic parsing for downstream applications is done. I was a little
disappointed with the claims of "near-state-of-the-art accuracies" on ATIS
and GeoQuery, which doesn't seem to be the case (8 points difference from
Liang et. al., 2011)). And I do not necessarily think that getting SOTA numbers
should be the focus of the paper, it has its own significant contribution. I
would like to see this paper at ACL provided the authors tone down their
claims, in addition I have some questions for the authors.
- What do the authors mean by minimal intervention? Does it mean minimal human
intervention, because that does not seem to be the case. Does it mean no
intermediate representation? If so, the latter term should be used, being less
ambiguous.
- Table 6: what is the breakdown of the score by correctness and
incompleteness?
What % of incompleteness do these queries exhibit?
- What is expertise required from crowd-workers who produce the correct SQL
queries? 
- It would be helpful to see some analysis of the 48% of user questions which
could not be generated.
- Figure 3 is a little confusing, I could not follow the sharp dips in
performance without paraphrasing around the 8th/9th stages. 
- Table 4 needs a little more clarification, what splits are used for obtaining
the ATIS numbers?
I thank the authors for their response.