- Strengths: 1) an interesting task, 2) the paper is very clearly written, easy
to follow, 3) the created data set may be
useful for other researchers, 4) a detailed analysis of the performance of the
model.
- Weaknesses: 1) no method adapted from related work for a result comparison 2)
some explanations about the uniqueness of the task and discussion on
limitations of previous research for solving this problem can be added to
emphasize the research contributions further. 
- General Discussion: The paper presents supervised and weakly supervised
models for frame classification in tweets. Predicate rules are generated
exploiting language-based and Twitter behavior-based signals, which are then
supplied to the probabilistic soft logic framework to build classification
models. 17 political frames are classified in tweets in a multi-label
classification task. The experimental results demonstrate the benefit of the
predicates created using the behavior-based signals. Please find my more
specific comments below:
The paper should have a discussion on how frame classification differs from
stance classification. Are they both under the same umbrella but with different
levels of granularity?
The paper will benefit from adding a brief discussion on how exactly the
transition from long congressional speech to short tweets adds to the
challenges of the task. For example, does past research rely on any specific
cross-sentential features that do not apply to tweets? Consider adapting the
method of a frame classification work on
congressional speech (or a stance classification work on any text) to the
extent possible due to its limitations on Twitter data, to compare with the
results of this work.
It seems "weakly supervised" and "unsupervised" – these two terms
have been interchangeably used in the paper (if this is not the case, please
clarify in author response). I believe "weakly supervised" is
the
more technically correct terminology under the setup of this work that should
be used consistently throughout. The initial unlabeled data may not have been
labeled by human annotators, but the classification does use weak or noisy
labels of some sort, and the keywords do come from experts. The presented
method does not use completely unsupervised data as traditional unsupervised
methods such as clustering, topic models or word embeddings would.  
The calculated Kappa may not be a straightforward reflection of the difficulty
of
frame classification for tweets (lines: 252-253), viewing it as a proof is a
rather strong claim. The Kappa here merely represents the
annotation difficulty/disagreement. Many factors can contribute to a low value 
such as poorly written annotation
guidelines, selection of a biased annotator, lack of annotator training etc.
(on
top of any difficulty of frame classification for tweets by human annotators,
which the authors actually intend to relate to).
73.4% Cohen's Kappa is strong enough for this task, in my opinion, to rely on
the annotated labels. 
Eq (1) (lines: 375-377) will ignore any contextual information (such as
negation
or conditional/hypothetical statements impacting the contributing word) when
calculating similarity of a frame and a tweet. Will this have any effect on the
frame prediction model? Did the authors consider using models that can
determine similarity with larger text units such as perhaps using skip thought
vectors or vector compositionality methods?  
An ideal set up would exclude the annotated data from calculating statistics
used to select the top N bi/tri-grams (line: 397 mentions entire tweets data
set has been used), otherwise statistics from any test fold (or labeled data in
the weakly supervised setup) still leaks into
the selection process. I do not think this would have made any difference in
the current selection of the bi/tri-grams or results as the size of the
unlabeled data is much larger, but would have constituted a cleaner
experimental setup.  
Please add precision and recall results in Table 4. 
Minor:
please double check any rules for footnote placements concerning placement
before or after the punctuation.