The paper studies an interesting problem of extracting relative physical
knowledge of actions and objects from unstructured text, by inference over a
factor graph that consists of two types of subgraphs---action graph and object
graph. The paper stems from the key insight---common knowledge about physical
world influences the way people talk, even though it is rarely explicitly
stated. 
- Strengths:
The paper tries to solve an interesting and challenging problem. The problem is
hard due to reporting bias, and the key insight/approach in the paper is
inspiring.
The model is innovative and clearly described. And the idea of handling text
sparsity with semantic similarity factors is also appropriate. 
The empirical evidence well supports the effectiveness of the model (compared
to other baselines). 
The paper is well-written, with informative visualization, except for some
minor errors like six dimensions in abstract but five everywhere else. 
- Weaknesses:
The benefits and drawbacks of model components are still somehow
under-discussed, and hard to tell with the limited quantitative results in the
paper. 
For example, is there any inherent discrepancy between *cross-verb frame
similarity, within-verb frame similarity and action-object compatibility*?
Frames of A throw B and C thrown by D share a verb primitive throw, so
should it infer C>D (by within-verb) if A>B is given? 
On the other side,
frames of C thrown by D and E kicked by F share the frame XXX by, so if
F>E is known, is D>C inferred? How does the current model deal with such
discrepancy?
The paper might be better if it has more qualitative analysis. And more
evidence also needs to be provided to gauge how difficult the task/dataset is.
For example, are the incorrectly-classified actions/objects also ambiguous for
human? On what types of actions/objects does the model tend to make mistakes?
Is the verb with more frame types usually harder than others for the model?
More interestingly, how are the mistakes made? Are they incorrectly enforced by
any
proposed semantic similarity?
I think more analysis on the model components and qualitative results may
inspire more general framework for this task. 
- General Discussion:
/ After author response /
After reading the response, I tend to keep my current rating and accept this
paper. The response well addresses my concerns. And I tend to believe that
necessary background and experimental analysis can be added given some
re-organization of the paper and one extra page, as it is not hard. 
/ Before author response /
I think this paper is in general solid and interesting. 
I tend to accept it, but it would be better if the questions above can be
answered.