This paper combines two recent techniques, robust PCA and
dictionary-based structure-preserving projection, in the task of
restoring corrupted observartion matrices. The key insight is that
for structured (for instance clustered) data, the guarantees of robust
PCA are not strong enough, and by representing the structure with
by a dictionary, stronger bounds can be given. Theorems are given to
support these claims. The remaining problem is how to learn the
dictionary. For that an algorithm justified by empirical results is
given: First compute robust PCA, then represent the result by a
dictionary. 
Quality:
The paper is technically sound, up to a reasonable level of
checking. The two theorems elaborate conditions under which
reconstruction is possible, given a dictionary. For the learning of
the dictionary, the justification is empirical.
Clarity:
Clarity is the main problem of the paper. While the structure is clear,
the main contributions and impact of the paper have not been explained
clearly enough to be accessible beyond a very narrow specialist audience.
The claims would need to be more well-defined, and the impact of the
results explicated. For instance, the concept coherence is hard to understand,
and means of interpreting it are very indirect (and given in the appendix).
One of the potential impacts of the paper may be that by using
dictionaries many earlier problems can be sidestepped.
Also the language needs checking.
It would be important to get a comment from the authors about what can be
done about these issues.
Originality:
The paper is based on a combination of recent techniques, but includes
new theorems and empirical results supporting the usefulness of the
combination. 
Significance:
The paper does advance the state-of-the art with rigorous
results. Even though the proposed algorithm for finding the dictionary
is heuristic, clear improvements over alternative algorithmns
demonstrate that the insights given this paper are useful. 
---
Comment after the author rebuttal and reviewer discussion:
There is clearly publishable content and interesting contributions. The only remaining concern I have is that it will be hard work to re-write the paper to make it accessible to very specialists. If there was an option for a "major revision" I would vote for it.
 The paper combines two recent ideas, and gives both theoreticalresults and a heuristic but empirically well-performing algorithm.