This paper presents a method for adapting a Krizhevsky CNN network that is trained for classification (without bounding box annotations) to work for object detection, given a small number of classes that have annotated bounding boxes. At train time, the approach 1) trains a CNN for classification on images of all classes, 2) trains a CNN on image regions on classes labeled with bounding boxes, while adding a negative background region class, and 3) adds the background class to the full CNN model while adapting some of the CNN weights. At test time, the CNN is run on multiple image regions in a test image.
Quality: This is an interesting paper and is fairly compelling that it gets reasonable results. These results are in large part building off the success of Krizhevsky et al.'s model, rather than something than something that is radically new; however, they will be valuable to researchers in computer vision and machine learning. The general approach is simple, but logical. Experiments are promising; however, it is missing comparisons to other baselines:
1) Use full images as positive examples, and images and regions from other classes as negative examples. Train and fine-tune all layers of the CNN. 
2) Do the same as above, but use a MIL approach, where you iteratively select the highest scoring positive region for each image from set A (instead of the full image)
3) Train and fine-tune the CNN for classification. At test time, run the classifier and predict a single bounding box at the center of the image (e.g., the mean bounding box for ImageNet)
I am unsure as to whether or not the proposed approach would outperform these baselines. It isn't clear to me that the proposed approach makes more sense than baseline 1, and I think it probably makes less sense that baseline 2. Including the 3rd baseline would be important to convey to the reader how easy/hard the problem and dataset are.
Clarity: The paper is clear and well written. The clarity of the experiments section could be improved, in particular in terms elaborating on the explanation of what each method in table 1 refers to (does this mean applying Eq. 1 or 2 to a subset of CNN layers?)
Originality: The paper is sufficiently novel to be accepted, although the basic approach is simple and specific to certain types of CNN networks.
Significance: The problem and results are significant and valuable.
 The paper addresses a relevant problem and the fact that decent detection results were obtained on a largescale dataset without bounding box labels is compelling. At the same time, the paper is missing some obvious baselines, and it is very possible that results are capitalizing off of improved results of CNN features rather than due to introducing a better way of training object detectors from weak supervision.