The paper proposes an extension to the additive factorial HMM model where additional constraints are added to require that the sum of individual chain outputs to be close to some reasonable (known) aggregate value. The authors propose a convex relaxation to MAP inference and apply the algorithm to real-world data sets involves energy disaggregation, both across 100 UK homes with low frequency readings, and 10 homes with higher frequency readings (but without each appliance monitored).
The ideas presented here are fairly straightforward, and the authors use a relatively simple optimization formulation to solve these problems, but overall the work is still compelling. The authors are applying these methods to relatively large real-world data sets, and as a paper that combines both applied and algorithmic elements, I think that it is a success. The comments below could help to improve the paper in my view:
A motivation for AFAMAP to enforce the constraint that one chain stages state at a time is that this can improve the relaxation to achieve integer solutions more often. Does the SACAFHMM optimization formulation also accomplish a similar thing, or do the resulting solutions still have lower error despite have non-integral solutions? Some discussion of these points would be very helpful as it would also further elucidate the distinctions.
Fundamentally, it seems like the AFAMAP and SACAFHMM ideas are orthogonal: one could just as easily include the SACAFHMM contraints in the optimization formulation for AFAMAP. While I don't expect feedback on this during the author response, I would strongly encourage them to try this for a final version.
The authors do seem to conflate models and optimization procedures a few times. For instance, comparing the results of "AFHMM" versus "AFAMAP" isn't being very precise: AFAMAP is an algorithm for (approximately) computing MAP solutions to the AFHMM, and I believe by AFHMM here they really mean alternating Viterbi optimization. Is this correct? This also gets to the point above, where the strategies of the different algorithms presented here could easily be combined and might in fact perform better than the current approaches. The paper proposes a simple extension and optimization to solve a variant of the AFHMM, but the results on real world data is compelling here, and overall the paper looks reasonable.