The paper deals with the problem of identifiability in the presence of various generated mechanisms for missing data, using a framework introduced by Mohan and others. Some existing results are improved upon, and some nice examples are given (such as identifiability of causal distributions even when conditional distributions are unavailable).
Quality
Technical quality seems high, the results are very involved but appear to be correct. Results like Theorem 3 are clear and interpretable. Some of the results are incremental improvements upon existing ones, and don't contribute (so far as I can see) to a bigger picture of what is really going on here.
Section 3 seems orthogonal to the rest of the paper, and its main result (Theorem 1) is quite hard to comprehend. It seems to be closely related to the Markov blanket results in Richardson (2009). The quality improves later on, with section 5 giving some nice clear answers, and Section 6 some interesting results about causal queries.
---
Clarity
This is the paper's main weakness. Firstly, there is probably too much material for a conference paper here (though the importance of some of it is unclear), as evidenced by the density of the text and the 13 page technical appendix. The article does not flow clearly, and is hard to follow as a result - probably this would work better as a longer, more considered, journal paper.
Whilst finding good notation for so many quantities is not easy, the notation could certainly be improved. The use of the same capital 'V' to denote so many different objects makes it hard work for the reader, and in places the subscripts become illegible. In addition, the fact that Vi is a vertex but Vo a set of vertices is particularly confusing. The set equation in Corollary 1 is perhaps the most extreme example of poor presentation.
---
Originality and Significance
Sections 5 and 6 are clear and interesting, and potentially quite significant. This paper deals with an important problem, and contains results which seem genuinely interesting and useful. 
It would perhaps be better to step back and work out what is going on in the general case, and (try to) come up with a complete criterion for identifiability in this framework (as was achieved in the case of finding causal effects without missingness). It is difficult to imagine a statistician trawling through a series of papers like this to find the precise result which shows (non)-identifiability of the causal effect she is interested in, especially if that result is as complicated as Theorem 1.
Theorem 2 and Corollary 1 seem to be a form of inverse probability weighting. The reason that these results work is presumably something to do with the conditioning sets being Markov blankets for R(i) in the mixed graphs the author is using. Richardson (2003) and (2009) might be relevant. 
---
Other Comments
p4, l214: R^part is a partition of R, not "a set containing partitions". The condition on line 214 should then be that Rx and Ry "belong to distinct elements of the partition".
Language is sometimes a bit casual: e.g. 'oftentimes'
p4 l213. Use \leftrightarrow rather than <--> 
Is Garcia (2013) actually wrong, or just a different framework?
A notation for graphs constructed by severing edges is used in Definition 4 and Theorem 4, but not defined anywhere.
Vo and Vm are used in the sentence before they are defined (apparently unnecessarily).
---
References
Richardson, T.S., Markov properties for acyclic directed mixed graphs, SJS 30(1) 145-157, 2003
Richardson, T.S., A factorization criterion for acyclic directed mixed graphs, UAI 25, 2009.
 Important problem and useful approach, though marred by poor presentation and notation.