This paper focuses on the metric labeling problem, a special case of MAP/MPE inference in graphical models where potentials are restricted to be a metric distance function. It is a theoretical paper that highlights some interesting connections between move-making algorithms (based on a reduction to min-cut) and certain types of rounding schemes used in combination with linear programming relaxations. Specifically, the paper shows that certain move-making algorithms can match the rounding schemes in terms of approximation guarantees, while allowing for the use of fast min cut solvers. 
The writeup is excellent. It's a theoretical paper but the authors did a great job making the ideas accessible, highlighting the important concepts without overwhelming the reader with technical details. I like that the paper is mostly self-contained, and overall I found it enjoyable to read.
Although the paper is mainly theoretical, I like that the authors also included an experimental section in the supplementary materials to empirically confirm the theory.
One concern I have is about the novelty of the results. It seems that a number of closely related results were previously known (e.g., reported as corollaries in the supplementary materials). It would be good to specify clearly to what extent Theorems 1, 2 and 3 generalize/extend prior work. Related to this, how do the move-making Algorithms (2, 4 and 6) designed in this paper relate to previous move-making algorithms (e.g., [14,15])? Is there a key difference that allows for a better approximation guarantee? 
How expensive is it to solve the linear program (4) needed for move-making? Is it included in the runtime in the experimental results?
Is Algorithm 6 the one used and called HIER in the experimental section in the supplementary materials?
 EDIT 
Thanks for the thorough responses - that clears up my concerns.
 It's a well written paper that makes a nice theoretical contribution by providing theoretical guarantees on the approximation obtained with move-making algorithms, a class of algorithms used to solve the metric labeling problem. It studies an important problem in computer vision and the analysis might lead to the development of new inference algorithms for other combinatorial problems.