The authors analyze the relationship between randomized rounding
algorithms and move-making algorithms for metric
labeling, which is the problem of MAP inference in a MRF where the
binary potentials are proportional to a distance metric on the label
space. They demonstrate connections between the two classes of
algorithms. For each of three rounding schemes---complete, interval,
and hierarchical---they present companion move-making algorithms that
achieve the same worst-case approximation ratio (over all possible
unary potentials and edge weights) for any particular distance metric
on the label space.
The primary contribution of the paper is the analysis, which shows
that the move-making algorithms have the same approximation guarantees
as the rounding-based ones. This is significant because the
rounding-based algorithms have historically come with the strongest
approximation guarantees, but move-making algorithms are faster. Thus,
the guarantees are exported to the faster algorithms.
The paper can be situated slightly better in terms of prior work. From
what I can tell:
* Previous papers [14,15] have presented move-making algorithms
 similar to those given here and proved approximation factors for
 those algorithms for certain classes of distance functions. 
 This work, on the other hand, applies to any* distance function,
 and shows that the approximation ratio of the rounding scheme
 (for that distance function) is matched by the companion move-making
 algorithm. The difference between this and previous results is
 subtle and could be emphasized more.
* I believe the move-making algorithms themselves are not
 contributions of this paper. It would help a great deal if the
 authors could clearly attribute each algorithm to a particular
 source and describe which parts are their original contributions. 
The paper is well-written and generally well executed. I felt that too
much of the paper was used describing the algorithms in detail
given that the main intellectual contribution seems to be in the
analysis.
A significant question that is left unanswered in the main paper is:
what is the general analysis technique for converting a rounding
scheme to a move-making algorithm? Is there a clear recipe? If not,
what are the significant elements of the analysis? The paper would be
strengthened considerably by providing some discussion of this.
 This is a quality paper that establishes theoretical connectionsbetween LP rounding algorithms for metric labeling and move-makingalgorithms. It is well executed, but could do a better job situatingitself with respect to previous work and could provide more insightinto the analysis techniques.