This paper is concerned with the problem of transportability, which is a generalization of the problem of identifiability of causal effects given causal assumptions or knowledge encoded in a causal diagram. A paper published in NIPS last year by Bareinboim et al. tackled a quite general version of the problem. Suppose we observe a set of variables in a number of domains, a target domain and one or more source domains, all of which are assumed to share a (known) qualitative causal structure over the observed variables and some latent variables. The structural equations possibly differ between a source domain and the target domain, as indicated by selection variables in the so-called selection diagrams, which are also assumed to be known. Moreover, suppose in each domain, a subset of the observed variables can be actively controlled to collect interventional data (limited experiments). The question is whether or not a certain interventional probability in the target domain is (non-parametrically) identifiable from the available observational and interventional distributions in all the domains. The paper under review presents further results on the problem, showing that the sound algorithm presented in Bareinboim et al.'s paper in last year's NIPS is actually complete and that Pearl's do-calculus is also complete with regard to this problem. 
 
The new results are useful contributions to a well-defined and interesting line of research, which has to do with such important topics as "external validity" and "meta-analysis". Part of the paper is quite dense and probably not very readable for readers who are not familiar with previous work, but the main ideas are sufficiently clear. I have a few comments/questions:
1. In Definition 1, Pearl's definition of structural equation models is implicitly taken in which each structural equation is associated with one and only one U-variable, i.e., that the structural equation fi (for variable Vi) is associated with U_i. It is thus a little confusing when several U-variables appear in the subsequent examples on p. 5 and elsewhere. 
2. An assumption made in Definition 2 is that if a set Z can be subject to an intervention in a domain, then any subset of Z can be subject to an intervention (without affecting other variables in Z) in that domain. Can this assumption be relaxed?
3. I understand that Theorem 1 is from Bareinboim et al. (2013), but I found the statement a little odd. What does it mean to say that "a do-operator has no Si-variables"? Does it mean that the do-operator does not apply to any Si-variable? But if a do-operator applies to a subset of Iz^i, doesn't it automatically follow that it does not apply to any Si-variable? Also, it seems an expression in which every do-operator applies to some set other than subsets of I_z^i would satisfy (1). 
 
4. In footnote 5, it is suggested that causal discovery methods might be used to learn the causal diagrams. It may be worth stressing that the causal discovery algorithms can rarely, if ever, learn the full causal diagram with latent variables. Also, I am curious how selection diagrams are to be learned from data. 
 
5. Definition 5 is the key in the paper, but its statement and the subsequent remarks are quite dense. Perhaps it will be easier to read if the definition of "hedge" is first given separately, and a "mz-shedge" is then defined as a collection of hedges that satisfy certain conditions. 
In the subsequent paragraph, it will probably help if the conditions 1, 2, and 3 in the definition can be explicitly linked to conditions (i) and (ii). 
The remark at the bottom of the page "Also, it might happen that the root set R must be augmented …" is elusive. I would appreciate a clarification of what it means. 
 The paper establishes new, useful results on an interesting problem.