This paper address the necessary and sufficient condition for deciding the feasibility of mz-transportability. mz-transportability is a property of a causal effect which relation in a target domain can be uniquely computed from its relations in different domains. This idea is considered to provide a basis of scientific discovery in unexplored domain based on the knowledge on our well-explored domains. The key consequence of this paper is the completeness of the do-calculus, i.e., there exists a set of the control operations of variables to judge any mz-transportability, and they showed that an algorithm presented in a past study to recognize mz-transportability is complete.
Quality
 The theoretical analysis and its consequences presented in this paper seems valid. Though this is theoretical work, the proofs of many theorems are not provided in the main body of this paper. But, the lack of the proofs is acceptable, since these proofs are too lengthy to fit in the paper. Except this point, theoretical key points are well articulated. 
 A drawback is that the feasibility and the tractability of the actual implementation of the algorithm are not clear. Yet, the outcome on the completeness of the do-calculus across multiple domains is very important result, and will provide a basis of the future causal inference study.
Clarity
 The paper is well written. Main claims of the authors are well described. As I pointed out above,the theoretical key pints are well articulated. The given set of the theorems and the corollaries seem appropriate.
 But, the notations and the explanations in this paper seem too involved in the field of causal inference. The readers unfamiliar with the field will have many difficulties to understand them. In this regard, some descriptions in the paper should be even more well designed. I see some rooms to improve the explanations in the paper including the following points.
* 4th line of Section 3
Mx = (U,V,Fx,P(U)) suddenly appears without any explanation of the notation. I see some explanation on V on page 5; "Let V be the set of observable ....". But, including V, this formulation should be comprehensively described at the top of the section 3.
* In definition 1
"D contains an extra edge from Si to Vi". This is a description of an edge without explaining about Si. What is "S-variables"? It is unclear. To me, it seems unobserved exogenous variable or noise in the latter explanation. But, it should be more comprehensively explained around this definition.
Originality
The idea presented in this paper seems an extension of the work of J. Pearl et al.'s papers recently presented in AAAI, NIPS and AISTATS. In this regard, this work is rather incremental. However, the completeness of the do-calculus in terms of the mz-transportability across multiple domains provides a theoretical basis of causal inference. Its content to originally clarify this feature of the calculus is attractive. In addition, the proposal of mz*-shedge, which plays a central role to derive the completeness and the associated algorithms, is original.
Significance
The idea of mz*-shedge and the completeness of the do-calculus in terms of the mz-transportability have a potentially large contribution to the future study of causal inference.
 The description of this paper is rather involved in the field of causal inference. But, the idea proposed and presented in this paper will provide a fundamental basis of the many future studies of causal inference.