Review of submission 1706:
Deep Learning for Real-Time Atari Game Play Using Offline Monte-Carlo Tree Search Planning
Summary: 
A fast, deep NN is trained to play ALE Atari games, where the teacher is a high-quality, but slow, traditional game planner. This works better than a recent method [19] (here called "DQN") using temporal difference-based reinforcement learning for a deep NN function approximator with the same architecture.
Comments:
Interesting work. I like the simplicity of the basic approach. It is good that somebody implemented this. 
Abstract and text are rather verbose though - I suggest to greatly shorten this, maybe in the style of the brief summary above.
Text on previous work: "Over the last decade, deep learning (e.g., [13, 12, 18, 8]; see [7] for a survey) has emerged as a powerful technique for learning feature representations from data (again, this is in a stark contrast to the conventional way of hand-crafting features by domain experts)."
The text above is rather misleading, and its references are rather unbalanced - they almost exclusively refer to recent papers from a few related groups, without pointing out that successful deep learning goes back much further. For example, the cited "survey [7]" focuses on certain results since 2006. However, deep learning of feature representations in neural networks (and similar systems) is much older - a recent comprehensive survey http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.7828 summarizes deep learning methods since 1965.
General recommendation:
The submission is interesting although it confirms what one might expect: slow but good traditional game players can train much faster deep networks in supervised fashion to outperform similar deep networks trained by more general reinforcement learning methods. Publishable, provided a more balanced account of deep learning history is provided. 
 The submission is interesting although it confirms what one might expect: slow but good traditional game players can train much faster deep networks in supervised fashion to outperform similar deep networks trained by more general reinforcement learning methods. Publishable, provided a more balanced account of deep learning history is provided.