This paper presents a fully Bayesian framework which enables max-margin constraints to be incorporated for clustering models. The method leverages the existing Regularized Bayesian inference technique from Zhu et al. but extends it to unsupervised settings. The authors demonstrate the efficacy of the new approach using two different clustering models: a DP- based GMM and a cluster-topic model, both with integrated max-margin constraints. 
The paper is well written with clear description and details of the new max-margin clustering approach and the model variants. It would be useful if you can expand on the posterior inference part a bit more (more details on sampling complexity) since practical performance highly depends on the efficiency of the sampler. The authors also compare the two models to baselines systems and analyze sensitivity to the hyper parameters, which is nice.
Instead of using the the heuristic for model selection, would it be possible to make it non-parametric & estimate this during inference (perhaps your heuristic could be used as an informative prior)? 
Clarification: Is "p" the dimensionality of the latent space? So the time complexity for DPGMM has an extra cubic factor in p.
It is encouraging to see that adding max-margin constraints improves clustering quality when using unsupervised Bayesian models. The datasets in Table 1 are still small and I wonder if the new method can scale to practical settings when the data & dimensionality is really large. Perhaps some of the recent work on fast sampling using randomization and other approximation techniques could be used to speed up inference further. It will be nice to address this somewhere in the paper (either as future work or in related work).
Are the accuracy differences in Table 2 statistically significant (e.g., S3VM vs. MMCTM for L=5,10)? Please provide stat sig. numbers.
 The paper is well written and extends the RegBayes framework to unsupervised settings. The authors demonstrate the utility of the new approach with two different clustering models showing that adding max-margin constraints improve clustering quality.