This work proposes a method for unsupervised manifold alignment---given two different but related datasets, find a common embedding space such that related data points are projected to similar locations (e.g., faces from 2 different subjects that share the same expression and pose). Manifold alignment could be potentially applied to map between datasets with drastically different appearances, as well as recognition tasks. 
While prior methods have treated the matching of structures (related data points should share similar local geometry) and alignment (identifying which data points are related) as a two-step process. The current work points out that this is sub-optimal for partial matching cases and proposes an approach for learning these steps simultaneously. 
I found the idea of jointly learning alignment and structure appealing and makes intuitive sense. Moreover, the paper conducted an extensive set of experiments and proposed an extension to the Frank-Wolfe integer programming algorithm to optimize for alignment. The paper is also very well written and organized. It was a nice touch to investigate effects of only using the structure matching term or the feature matching term. 
There seems to be very little prior work on unsupervised manifold matching (compared to semi-supervised), only 2 were discussed in the introduction. One question I have is how much user labelling is required to achieve performances comparable to the proposed method using a semi-supervised method? This could have implications on the significance of the results achieved by the method and the importance of assuming no correspondences. I'm also wondering if the proposed approach could extended to handle cases where it doesn't make sense to have hard assignment, where modelling alignment using a mapping [19] makes more sense.  This paper proposes to simultaneously learn the structure and alignment for the unsupervised manifold learning problem, which improves upon prior methods that optimized the 2 steps separately. Additionally, an extension to the Frank-Wolfe integer programming algorithm was proposed and extension evaluations are performed.