The aim of the paper is to provide an unbiased and consistent method for the accurate estimation of covariance matrices in presence of high dimensional dataset with small number of examples subject to internal autocorrelation that further reduce the effective size of the datasets. The solution is based on a state-of-the-art approach proposed by Sancetta [San08] where covariance matrix is shrinked toward a diagonal matrix with a shrinkage intensity proportional to the variance of the covariance matrix. In this framework the paper proposes an analytical estimate of shrinkage intensity incorporating a bias correction that relates the coefficient with the effective size of data.
The proposed unbiased variance estimator is an incremental work ([San08]) and it does not provide a strong theoretical novelty. However, the advantage of proposed solution is theoretically sound, and an empirical evaluation on toy examples and on a real EEG dataset shows that the proposed estimate is actually comparable to the one in the original work and it is even better in case of small high-dimensional datasets. A comparison with CV (not just the computational cost) would have been very useful.
Technically, while being relatively clear, the paper has some flaws, as many times the notation is used without any introduction of its meaning, making it sometimes difficult to follow all the formulations. Moreover, I noticed changes in the formulation along the paper (indexes inversion). It seems that X is interchangeably assumed to be organized by rows or by columns. Finally, the figures are many times difficult to understand because of missing descriptions both in the captions and in the text. The paper proposes an incremental work with a limited originality, nevertheless, the proposed solution presents some advantages which have been proven theoretically and empirically. Technically it is well written but still needs some work to make it clearer, principally correcting some mistakes in the indexes and introducing the formal notation the first time it is used.