The authors consider the problem of assessing the reliability of MCMC outputs and comparing the efficiency of MCMC schemes. They propose to do so by using the upper and lower stochastic bounds on the log marginal likelihood given by the Bidirectional Monte Carlo (BMC) procedure. The idea is for example to choose, among available MCMC schemes, the one that produces the tightest BMC stochastic bounds given the same computational effort. The main challenge is that BMC requires an exact sample from the target measure to produce a valid stochastic upper bound. The authors propose some heuristics to overcome this issue. Their solution, in the context of Bayesian posterior sampling, involves performing the diagnostic on the posterior generated by synthetic data rather than actual data, leveraging the fact that for such posterior it is easier to produce good approximate samples. Finally the proposed methodology is tested on some examples. The idea of using stochastic lower bounds given by Bidirectional Monte Carlo to perform MCMC convergence diagnostic is interesting. Even if the methodology seems to be specific to AIS and SMC samplers schemes and to produce diagnostic based only on the marginal likelihood, it could still be valuable as it is an attempt to have theoretically justified MCMC diagnostic tools. However the implementation has various drawbacks that, in my opinion, make the proposed diagnostic methodology not so appealing. Such drawbacks arise from the heuristic methodology attempting to overcome the fact that Bidirectional Monte Carlo needs an exact sample from the posterior to be valid. I mention three of them. - First the authors assume to know in advance (e.g. from previously run MCMC) a value of the hyperparameters, \eta{real}, which is representative of the whole posterior. This assumes both that the algorithm used to find \eta{real} had converged (which is basically the original problem of interest) and that the posterior can be well summarized with a single value. Both assumptions are strong and unjustified in general. - Then they assume that the posterior induced by synthetic data generated from \eta{real} has properties (in terms of MCMC convergence) similar to the original posterior. This again is an unjustified assumption that, for example, should be carefully justified in contexts involving model mis-specifications. It seems that the authors try to overcome the difficulty posed by bidirectional monte carlo at the price of "changing the problem", i.e. performing diagnostic on a different posterior. - Then they adopt the optimistic view that starting from \eta{real} allows the MCMC algorithm of interest to be quickly able to draw an almost exact sample from the posterior (which may be the case but again does not need to be). Therefore the proposed methodology seems to rely on various assumptions which, crucially, are closely related to the actual thing we wanted to assess in the first instance (the convergence properties of the original MCMC algorithm). I appreciate the fact that Section 5.1 shows some simple examples where these issues appear not to affect the conclusions drawn from the proposed methodology. Nevertheless the few simple examples are not convincing enough to claim that the various issues that the authors themselves recognize will not be critical in other, maybe more complicated, examples. The authors criticize previously proposed convergence diagnostic tools because they can fail in multimodal cases or in cases where few summary statistics are not sufficiently expressive (lines 203-205). I think the authors should explain why their method can do better in such scenarios and provide some evidences. More generally I think it would help to have simulations to compare their method with commonly used diagnostic methods (e.g. the ones described in sections 4) to show scenarios where it produces more reliable diagnostics.