The manuscript, entitled "Koopman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Sys- tems with Reproducing Kernels" extended the dynamical mode decomposition (DMD) to reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). The resulting algorithm (KDMD) is then applied to a few toy problems. It hence allows to use features map as definition of the kernel, in order to link more the DMD to specific features of interest; it is then a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is really hard to read. Even for a few simple notions, the authors emphasize on the mathematical writings when short sentences would have been more than enough. Some sections, on the other hand, are actually verbose. It might make it difficult to understand even for specialists, and a few points should be clarified. It is too cryptic for publication in the Neural Information Processing Systems conference proceedings, but I strongly encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more pedagogic way; the resulting article should actually be highly cited. Referee's report on: Koopman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels The manuscript, entitled "Koopman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Sys- tems with Reproducing Kernels" extended the dynamical mode decomposition (DMD) to reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). The resulting algorithm (KDMD) is then applied to a few toy problems. It hence allows to use features map as definition of the kernel, in order to link more the DMD to specific features of interest; it is then a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is really hard to read. Even for a few simple notions, they emphasize on the mathematical writings when short sentences would have been more than enough. Some sections, on the other hand, are actually verbose. It might make it difficult to understand even for specialists, and a few points should be clarified. It is too cryptic for publication in the Neural Information Processing Systems conference proceedings, but I strongly encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more pedagogic way; the resulting article should actually be highly cited. I. MAJOR REMARKS Please find my major remarks in the following: 1. The presentation is really verbose when it could be simplified. For instance: "Con- ceptually, DMD can be considered as producing an approximation of the Koopman eigenfunctions using a set of linear monomials of observables as basis functions, which is analogous to a one-term Taylor expansion at each point." can be easily summarized in one short and simple sentence. 2. Sec. 4 is actually useless in a short paper and was (partially) treated in the introduc- tion. 3. Sec. 5 should have been illustrated, or be summarized in the conclusion. 4. Sec. 6 should have been developed in the way of Sec. 5! It has been condensed too much. II. MINOR REMARKS My other minor remarks are: 1. there is probably a typo in the description of the toy NL case, as it is actually linear. 2. first two problems are actually polynomial. It is were the KDMD should shine - when the kernel can be guessed, as in 1 . More details should be given, as actually in Sec. 5. REFERENCES 1 Steven L. Brunton, Bingni W. Brunton, Joshua L. Proctor, J. Nathan Kutz, "Koopman invariant subspaces and finite linear representations of nonlinear dynamical systems for control," http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.03007v2, (2015)