This paper introduced a spectral analysis using the Koopman operator defined in a proper reproducing kernel Hilber space. Then they followed the standard pathway to define a set of (kernel) approaches to do analysis of nonlinear dynamical systems with empirical data. The eigendecomposition of the projection of the Koopman operator resulted in some efficiency gain in both synthetic and real data analysis problems. This paper introduces a significant kernel construction to analyze nonlinear dynamical systems. The contribution is well motivated and experimentally validated. There are, however, some concerns that I hope the authors may address:  It is not clear to me the (hopefully substantial) diference between what is presented here, and the paper [35] M.O. Williams, I.G. Kevrekidis, and C.W. Rowley. A data-driven approximation of the Koopman operator: Extending dynamic mode decomposition. Journal of Nonlinear Science, 25:1307–1346, 2015, where the Koopman eigenvalues, eigenfunctions, and modes were already introduced to analyze nonlinear system dynamics. I'd appreciate some comments and discussion pointing out and clarifying the main differences, as well as an improved discussion on section 4.  The field of nonlinear dynamical system analysis with kernels is vast, and some relevant references are missing; authors could check papers by L. Ralaivola and F. d'Alche Buc, Tuia et al, Rojo-Alvarez et al., M. Mouattamid and R. Schaback, or M. O. Franz and B. B. Schölkopf.  Even though the Koopman operator is, in general, defined for a deterministic system, I'd appreciate some comments on the performance on stochastic settings, which are after all the important/realistic ones. Authors briefly touch upon this issue, but some further discussion, and eventually a toy experiment would be welcome.  Authors clarify the remark (line 216, page 5) that "the estimation procedure itself does not necessarily require a sequence but rather a collection of pairs of consecutive observables, where each pair is supposed to be" nonlinear pointwise related. I'm curious about the implication of this assumption in multidimensional time series with eventually weak pointwise relations: what do we gain with the proposed kernel construction? Could you discuss on this? Related to this, I'd also appreciate if authors can elaborate on the causal assumption inherent in the setting.  With regard the experimental settings, I sincerely find them not very ambitious: essentially prediction via preimaing follows a standard well-known approach, under the "Embedding and Recognition of Dynamics" subsection there is a lack of discussion on the connections (and not to mention experimental comparison) between the proposed approach and the (vast) literature of clustering time series (e.g. through kernel k-means and related subspace kernel methods), and when it comes to the sequential change-point detection experiment it would be more appealing to see a comparison to state of the art online change detection with kernels (e.g. the one used by the authors is known to fail in complex dynamics). Some more convincing experiments are expected to support the development. * Minor: the paper is very well written and clear. I just spotted two minor typos: please check indices on tau-1 vs. tau, and replace dot with comma in k(xi.xj) (last eq in p7)