The paper extends several of the recent incremental algorithms (SVRG, SAGA, and their accelerated variants via Catalyst) to solve strongly convex-concave saddle point problems with finite sum structure, which could result from two types of splits, individual or factored splits. The authors provide a thorough study on the complexity of these algorithms under different splits and different (uniform/nonuniform) sampling strategies. Experiment on a special binary classification example show that nonuniform sampling and acceleration are critical to beat the competitive batch algorithms. While the idea of extending variance reduction and incremental algorithms to saddle point problem might sound straightforward, the results established here is notably novel and the technicality is surely non-trivial. For the important bilinear saddle point problem, the authors show clear comparison among batch, stochastic, and incremental FB algorithms, which share some resemblance to what's usually know for the convex minimization case, and it all makes sense to me. However, here is my major concern. While solving the saddle point problem cures the difficulty of non-separability of loss functions, the proposed incremental algorithms seemingly suffer from a fundamental bottleneck, i.e. O(n+d) cost for computing the proximal operator at each iteration. As a result, the overall complexity, even for the accelerated SVRG with non-uniform sampling, as shown in Table 1 and 2, is not necessarily better than the accelerated batch version. Especially, when the number of data n is substantially larger that its dimension d, which is the case for most machine learning applications, the complexity under factored splits (later used in simulation) is actually worse than the batch FB algorithms, as shown in Table 2. Unlike what's usually known for the convex minimization, I did not see a clear substantial advantage of using variance reduction here, from a theoretical point of view. I would suggest the authors to provide an in-depth discussion on this matter and clarify the following questions i) is factored splits (theoretically) worse than individual splits, ii) when is the accelerated SVRG favorable against the batch FB, iii) is the dependence on n, d, tight enough? == post-rebuttal answer== I have read the author's rebuttal and is satisfied with the response. My scores remain the same.