The authors use variance reduction algorithms like SVRG and SAGA to propose the first linearly convergent algorithms for saddle point problems. Since the convex minimization analysis does not apply for the saddle point problems, the main contribution of the paper is using monotone operators to prove convergence. A consequence of this is that the analysis applies to a wider class of problems such as variational inequality problems. This method can be used to tackle non-separable loss functions and regularizers by considering the saddle point problem. The paper proposes the first algorithms with a linear convergence rate for saddle point problems. This is an important problem to solve since it helps to tackle non-separable loss functions and regularizers, which occur in a number of machine learning models. The proof technique of interpreting saddle point problems as finding zeros of a monotone operator is interesting, and potentially widely applicable. Simpler proofs for algorithms like the FB splitting (as well as its stochastic version) are also provided. The proposed algorithms with non-uniform sampling are competitive, and in most cases, better than previous alternatives. The paper overall extends the field in an important direction, and the analysis approach is interesting. Since the main contribution of the paper is in the proof technique (the algorithms itself are quite simple extensions of the original algorithms), the authors could consider putting in more details about the proof technique, for example by including a proof sketch, in the main paper, if space permits. The paper is mostly clearly presented and well-written. However, I found the paper a bit unclear on certain issues. For example: 1. What kind of non-uniform sampling is used for problems other than bilinear saddle-point problems, i.e., what is \pi? 2. How is the step size \sigma set in the experiments? Do the authors have any intuition on why non-uniform sampling seems so essential for saddle point problems, and not necessarily for convex minimization problems? The paper might benefit from a discussion on this issue. Minor comments: 1. Typo on line 78: k -> d 2. Typo on line 121 in the second equality (extra y_{t-1} term)