This paper studied a particular class of feedforward neural networks that can be trained globally optimal with a linear convergence rate using nonlinear spectral method. This method was applied to deep networks with one- and two-hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real world datasets. This paper studied a particular class of feedforward neural networks that can be trained globally optimal with a linear convergence rate using nonlinear spectral method. This method was applied to deep networks with one- and two-hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real world datasets. As stated by authors, the class of feedforward neural networks studied is restrictive and counterintuitive by imposing the non-negativity on the weights of network and maximizing the regularization of these weights. Moreover, the less popular activation function called generalized polynomial is required for the optimality condition. All these assumptions are not quite reasonable. Detailed and careful explanations from perspectives of applications or real world datasets are helpful instead of making more restricted assumptions to achieve global optimum. Authors claimed that the targeted class of neural networks still have enough expressive power to model complex decision boundaries and achieves good performance. However, the empirical experimental results do not give the strong support for the above claim. It seems that linear SVM performs much better than NLSM1 and NLSM2 in the cases that linear SVM seems not to be properly tuned, while NLSM tune their network structures. Moreover, as we know, NLSM is a nonlinear model, it is strange why a linear SVM is used as baseline, not a nonlinear SVM such as polynomial kernel or Gaussian kernel. Thus, the comparisons are not fair, and the conclusions based on these comparable results are not convincing. In other words, these results cannot prove the enough expressive power of the studied class of neural networks. In the experiments, the datasets from UCI repo is too small from both sample size and feature dimensionality. Based on the analysis, the bounds on the spectral radius of the matrix A grow with the number of hidden units, so it is problematic for high-dimensional data. Is there any way to deal with this issue? This will greatly prevent this method from being applied to a large proportion of applications. It seems that the optimal condition is not guaranteed by any settings of parameters possibly used in the studied neural networks. Although the condition can be checked without running the neural networks, it is still problematic if we do not have any priors or the possible parameters are extremely huge. Any fast approach to get the possible small set of valid candidates? Does the optimal property of the studied model come from the special objective function? It is interesting to see if stochastic gradient descent can also converge to global optimal empirically on some tested datasets.