The authors provide an information-theoretic treatment of the crowdsourcing problem, and obtain fundamental limits on the number of queries per item (in an asymptotic sense) under such a model. More specifically, the crowdsourcing problem is modeled as an information-theoretic problem of joint source channel coding (JSCC) with random channel state. The channel state is assumed to be unknown at the encoder, but may or may not be known at the decoder. The labels of the items are modeled as an i.i.d. source; the taskmaster is modeled as an encoder; the crowd workers are modeled as multiple uses of a channel; and the workers' skill levels are modeled as random states of the channel; and the crowdsourcer is modeled as the decoder. With this model, the authors use existing results on the coding rate in the JSCC problem to establish the fundamental limits of the asymptotic number of queries per item in crowdsourcing. The authors also provide a lower bound on the error probability of a coding scheme called "k-ary incidence coding" under a specific crowd-sourcing model (or channel under their information theoretic model). In summary, this is a well-written paper, and may be a first step toward the JSCC modeling of the crowdsourcing problem. Some technical comments: 1. The crowd-sourcing problem is modeled as JSCC with random channel state. The authors simply use the standard source-channel separation theorem in information theory to obtain their results (Theorem 2 and 3). However, the authors should first argue that the source-channel separation theorem still holds when the channel has a random state, where the state is unknown at the encoder, but may or may not be known at the receiver. I believe the separation theorem still holds in these situations, but the authors should prove it or find an existing proof. 2. The taskmaster is modeled as an encoder who only sees the labels of the items, and the crowdsourcer is modeled as a decoder who only sees the labels produced by the workers. However, this model may be too restrictive, because it ignores the fact that both the taskmaster and the crowdsourcer may have access to the original data (the items). This knowledge of the original data can provide side information for the encoder and decoder in the JSCC problem. The side information may not be helpful if it is only present at the encoder, but it can be very helpful if it is present at both the encoder and decoder or even at the decoder alone. I would have felt the model to be more convincing and realistic if the authors had considered side information in the model. 3. In Sec 4.2, when commenting on the curves in Fig 2, the authors say that the lower bounds for kIC improve as k and q grow. I guess the authors mean that the lower bound becomes smaller as k and q grow, which means that the performance of the code may get better. This however does not mean that the lower bound itself improves, because there is no upper bound to compare with. Edited following authors' response: The use of joint source-channel coding to model crowdsourcing is interesting, but (as another reviewer pointed out) a nonasymptotic characterization of the fundamental limits of CS would be more useful. The authors should take a look at recent results of Kostina and Verdu, pertaining to nonasymptotic converses for JSCC: V. Kostina and S. Verdu, "Lossy Joint Source-Channel Coding in the Finite Blocklength Regime", IEEE Trans. on Information Theory, vol. 59, no. 5, pp. 2545-2575, May 2013