This paper proposes a framework to learn better deep feature embedding, which is important for the applications like image retrieval and distance-based classification. This framework consists of a newly defined metric called Position-Dependent Deep Metric (PDDM), which considers not only the difference between two features but also their mean, making this metric position-aware. Also, this PDDM helps to identify high quality hard negative samples that are critical for training a metric. Two losses on the PDDM metric and feature embeddings are combined to perform joint metric and embedding optimization. Experimental study on fine-grained image retrieval data set and the tasks of transfer learning and zero-shot learning is performed to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed framework. The proposed deep feature embedding framework is interesting and novel. The idea of location-aware similarity metric is sound. Although learning local distances to better capture the variation of feature space is not new in metric learning, applying this idea to deep feature embedding in this way seems to be novel. The formulation of PDDM is clear and the experimental study demonstrates the advantage of the proposed framework. Comments: 1. Essentially, the requirement of having such a local similarity shall be because the learned deep features are still not sufficiently consistent with the semantic concept (as shown in Figure 1(a)). In this case, will the advantage and improvement of the proposed framework gradually diminish, when a better deep learning network is trained (thus better deep feature representation is obtained)? Please comment. 2. In Eq.(2), u1 and v1 are supposed to be u' and v'? 3. It is better to give an illustration for the description of quadruplet (line 163 to 171) or link it to Figure 1(c). 4. The relationship between S(.,.) and D(.,.) functions could be better explained, which will help to understand the relationship of the two losses of Em and Ee. 5. Experimental study is a bit limited. Comparison on more benchmark data sets (say, Fine-grained image retrieval) and with more existing methods will further enhance this work. After the rebuttal: Thank the authors for the rebuttal. After reading the comments of other reviewers and the rebuttal, I think this work is interesting and novel and the experimental study can demonstrate the effectiveness. I would like to maintain the original rating.