This paper presents an algorithm for compiling a Markov network into the PSDD representation of probability distributions that was introduced by Kisa et al (2014). Experiments show that this algorithm can sometimes produce smaller arithmetic circuits than existing compilers. The novelty is relatively low since the compilation algorithm presented here is very similar to the compilation algorithm for AND/OR Multi-Valued Decision Diagrams (AOMDDs), which are a special case of PSDDs. Theorem 6 follows directly from the similar theorem that already holds for AOMDDs. The multiplication algorithm in section 3 is essentially the same as the one for SDDs, and it is no surprise that it operates in polytime. The main novelty and significance is in the experimental results, which suggest that PSDD compilation is more effective than AOMDD compilation. The paper would be more interesting if it gave a deeper analysis of where these advantages come from. The paper glosses over the fact that Theorem 6 does not actually apply to the compilation algorithm. Theorem 6 only says that a small PSDD exists, not that it will be found. By contrast, the corresponding theorem for AOMDDs guarantees that the compiled representation will be small. This paper will have a limited audience since it is only understandable if you have read Darwiche (2011) and Kisa et al (2014). For example, I cannot make any sense of definition 6. If each vtree node produces a single SDD ("the SDD"), why is the left child described as having multiple SDDs? It appears to be an adaptation of definition 5 from Darwiche (2011), but that definition is clear while this definition is not. I suggest having another go at writing this definition, or simply copy definition 5 from Darwiche. When discussing the relationship between SDD and PSDD, it is important to point out (as Kisa did) that the SDD underlying a PSDD is not compressed. Line 111 of the paper seems to suggest the opposite. There should be a more extensive discussion of the relationship between PSDDs and AOMDDs, especially the fact that AOMDDs are a special case. This implies that PSDDs are more succinct but potentially less tractable than AOMDDs, in the terminology of Darwiche (2011). This seems to be illustrated by the fact that the compilation algorithm for AOMDDs is provably upper bounded by treewidth while the same algorithm for PSDDs is not.