There is a collection of small results in the paper including intractability of multiplication and summing-out (i.e. marginalization) for arithmetic circuits (ACs) with certain properties. A recently defined subclass of ACs, called PSDDs has been defined in the paper. The main results in the paper concern PSDDs. The two main contributions include providing an algorithm for multiplication of PSDDs and showing that it can be done in polynomial time (which is a limitation of general tractable circuits); and providing a corresponding arithmetic circuit that is both decomposable and deterministic. These lead to new method for compiling probabilistic graphical models, which the authors compare with the existing ones in this paper. The paper provides simple results and algorithms that, to the best of my knowledge, are quite clever and novel. However, the resulting method seems to marginally contribute to the literature. One of my concerns is that the algorithm for multiplication of PSDDs is not very well-described, and in particular there are lines in the middle of the algorithm that are unclear. I understand the space limitation, but at least expected to see some mention of this in the supplementary material. A similar concern is for the comparison with other models in the literature. It seems as though there is a significant difference on how well the newly defined method works based on the choice of the network. There should be at least a discussion on for what types of networks this method provides a significant improvement. There is also virtually no mention of the compilation time, which does not seem to have improved at all with this new method (which was rather surprising to me). The quality of writing of the paper is also not very high. There are repeated mistakes here and there. Two of the major ones: missing or existing unnecessary "s" at the end of verbs (e.g. p3 l105 (admits) or p7 l215 (exist) etc.). There is also a confusion with references in the text; e.g. p5 l155, it should be "[Darwiche, 2009]", but on l161 it should be "Larkin and Dechter [2003]". A question: do you not think the projection discussed graphically (e.g. Figure 4) works in the same way as marginalization over the remaining nodes and their parents in DAGs?