The paper draws parallels (what the paper calls a "duality") between boosting and SVM's, and uses this connection to develop a new boosting-based technique for dimensionality reduction. I liked the dimensionality-reduction approach suggested by this paper which seems sensible, fairly efficient, and effective in experiments. The "duality" with SVM's seems somewhat interesting. However, in the end, the approach that is taken is based only on boosting, rather than on an alternation between boosting and SVM's. So this connection is in fact only of limited benefit. The presentation is okay, but some of the math could be more precise. No real theory is given in this paper, such as generalization bounds, or proofs of convergence. Some theory might be possible. For instance, see Allwein et al. ("Reducing multiclass to binary..."). The alternating approach suggested in this paper seems reminiscent of (but is definitely different from) the approach given by Schapire ("Using output codes to boost multiclass learning problems"). A comparison might be of interest. Other comments: line 67: "tend to produce sub-optimal..." Give references of what evidence exists for this. eq (1): Of course, the approximate equality here only holds if uniform convergence bounds can be proved. And what is the expectation over? Also, the sum on the right should be multiplied by 1/n. line 94: Could omit the i subscripts in defining M(xi, zi), and elsewhere. In other words, just define margin M(x,z). That would simplify notation. lines 91 and following: This section could definitely be made more precise in terms of the math. line 95: Shouldn't the classifier map to {1,2}, not {-1,+1}? line 97: I think what is meant is that each y^z is in R^d. But what is written says that the set is in R^d. eq (7): Why the switch from zi to ci? Algorithm 2: Is {\cal Y} a set or a tuple? Shouldn't it be a tuple? And it is not an element of R^d, is it? This algorithm references eq (14), which does not seem to exist. eq (11): Should y^l be y^1? line 246: There does not appear to be such a figure 3b matching this description.