The authors propose the notion of micro clustering, where models exhibit the micro clustering property if cluster sizes grow sub linearly with the size of the data. The need for models for micro clustering is well motivated by the problem of entity resolution, which involves identifying duplicate records in noisy databases. The authors show that the commonly used mixture models for clustering do not satisfied the micro clustering property and introduce a novel class of partition models. They focus on two specific models within this class, and show empirically that the micro clustering property is satisfied. In addition, they develop a Gibbs sampling algorithm for posterior inference. The authors compare the two proposed models with the popular Dirichlet process and Pitman-Yor process mixture models in four realistic simulated datasets. They find that in simulated de-duplication scenarios, the proposed models perform better but in noisy datasets with a small number of features, performance is worse and similar across the four models. This is an interesting and well-written paper and the proposed models are well motivated by the problem of entity resolution. My main concern is with the introduced class of "Flexible models for Microclustering" (FMMC). In particular, I expected the authors to prove that this class of models satisfies the micro clustering property, and there is no such proof in the manuscript. Moreover, the authors state that the partition model induced by the DP is a special case in lines 91-94 (although I find this confusing as \mu and \kappa depend on the sample size N, which is not the case in the definition in eq (2)) but also discuss how the DP does not satisfy the micro clustering property. Thus, the name for this class of models seems inappropriate, as models within the class may not satisfy the micro clustering property. This also brings into question the motivation for introducing this class of models; I quite liked the motivation to develop micro clustering models for entity resolution but as previously stated the introduced class of models may not satisfy the micro clustering property. The paper could be strengthen by a Theorem that states the conditions of \mu and \kappa needed for the micro clustering property to hold. In addition, I was also disappointed that for two proposed models, the NBNB and NBD, the micro clustering property was only shown to hold empirically. The paper could be strengthen by showing that the choice of \mu and \kappa for these two models satisfies the Theorem. Comments: 1. pg.3 eq. 3 and line 85: \kappa{|C|N} should be \kappa{|CN|}. 2. pg.3 line 88: We now present two flexible FMMC (i.e. remove more) 3. pg. 5 line 200-201: should say posterior expected number of cluster and posterior expected value of \deltal (I assume you are using the posterior expectation to estimate these quantities?) 4. pg. 5 line 201: the posterior expected value of \deltal reported in the tables is a single number. I expected $L$ different values. Are you assuming a common \delta across l or taking an average? Please clarify. 5. pg. 6 Figure 1: please label panels a,b,c,d,