In this paper the authors present an alternative approach to Approximate Bayesian Computation for (of course) models with intractable likelihood but from which mock datasets may be readily simulated under arbitrary parameters (within the prior support, etc etc.). The approach presented makes use of a flexible parametric modelling tool—the Mixture Density Network—to approximate the Bayesian conditional density on the parameter space with respect to the (mock) data; in this way the authors bring about a potentially powerful synthesis of ideas from the machine learning and statistical theory. I believe this may be an outstanding paper as the approach suggested is well motivated and clearly explained; and my impression from the numerous worked examples is that it will very likely have an impact on the application of likelihood free methods, especially (but not exclusively) for problems in which the mock data simulations are costly such that efficiency of the sampler or posterior approximation scheme is at a premium (e.g. weather simulations, cosmological simulations, individual simulation models for epidemiology). It is worth noting here the parallel development within the statistics community of random forest methods for epsilon-free ABC inference targeting models for the conditional density (Marin et al., 1605.05537), which highlight the enthusiasm for innovations in this direction. I have a concern with the authors' proof of Proposition 1 in that the term 'sufficiently flexible' is not explicitly described but should be, in which case sufficient conditions on the posterior for use of the MVN model could be easily identified. Naturally these will be rather restrictive so interest turns to understanding and identifying circumstances where the the approximation may be considered adequate or otherwise, and empirical metrics by which the user might be guided in this decision. Minor notes: - the comparison to existing work in Section 4 is well done (e.g. identification of regression-adjustment as a development in a similar direction); perhaps though it is worth noting that the 'earliest ABC work' of Diggle & Gratton (1984) was to develop a kernel-based estimator of the likelihood - in the introduction it is mentioned that "it is not obvious how to perform some other computations using samples, such as combining posteriors from two separate analyses"; a number of recent studies in scaleable Bayesian methods have been directed towards this problem (e.g. Zheng, Kim, Ho & Xing 2014, Scott et al. 2013, Minsker et al. 2014)