The authors provide an analysis of the EM algorithm for two toy Gaussian mixture models characterizing the initial parameter values that lead to convergence. To this end, they use the true Q function-- obtained as an expectation instead of doing a sample average-- to give the ideal parameter sequence from a given initial value. This sequence is used for the characterization of the initial parameter values that lead to the true parameter. They also demonstrate that the actual sequence of real run converges to the idealized sequence in probability. Later they use this analysis to explore the shape of the expected log likelihood in the neighborhood of its stationary points. Congratulations to the authors for a good paper! Quality: The paper is technically sound with non trivial results. The conclusions of the paper are well supported by the theory. The condition on the initial parameter that leads to convergence to the the true parameter are particularly interesting. Clarity: This is a very well written paper and it reads well. The math, though not trivial, is very accessible because of the presentation. The authors have provided adequate commentary that aids intuition and understanding. Originality: The idea of the paper to analyze an idealized execution of the EM algorithm, by using the true Q function, instead of the one obtained by sample average is quite novel. The authors have provided adequate discussion of the relevant literature to inform the reader about the state of the art and evaluate their work in the right context. Significance: The results of the paper are very interesting, they help understand the sensitivity of EM (Gaussian mixtures) to initial parameters. Though the models considered are too restrictive for real world data, but they work more like a proof of concept for the analysis technique. It remains to see if the technique would work for more general models. Strengths: Solid analysis Weakness: Restrictive model. Comments: In line 188-192 authors claim that their analysis for EM provides understanding for other ascent algorithm. However, in the justification that follows the conclusions about G(\eta) are still made using the Q function, which is in the EM framework. It is not clear what the authors want to claim about other algorithms. Overall, I would recommend accepting the paper without reservations.