In this paper, to capture the interdependency among different objects, a tree structured reinforcement learning (Tree-RL) approach to sequentially search for object candidates is proposed. An entire image is a starting point and the agent sequentially discovers multiple objects via a tree-structured traversing scheme. The agent takes scaling action and local translation action simultaneously at each tree node, and travels along multiple near-optimal search paths learned by the deep Q learning framework. Experimental sections are designed to show three aspects: comparison between tree search and single path search, comparison of their algorithm to several object proposal algorithms and comparison of object detection frameworks with and without their object proposals. - As a preprocessor, algorithms for object proposals are required to be time-efficient. All of algorithms [3,4,25,10,5] shown in Figure 5 reported their run-time. In this paper, there is no time measurement or complexity analysis while authors insist that their model is computationally efficient. Authors should compare other algorithms in terms of time-efficiency. - Authors might include more qualitative results in Figure 6. All of 3 examples contain 2 main objects. It would benefit if qualitative comparisons of their algorithm to other object proposals are added with cases that only one main object or more than 2 objects appear in images. - The motivations/justifications of their particular tree structures seem less clear. 1) Why translation and scaling actions are chosen for the left and right child respectively? Why not other variations are considered? 3) Could some randomisation in the node split benefit in terms of generalisation or other strategies? - The technical contribution/novelty of the paper is marginal compared to [18]. Except the section 3.2 (Tree-structured Search), section 3 including the definition of actions/states/rewards and optimization method (Deep Q learning) is similar to [18,22]. Another difference to [18] is, as authors pointed out, [18] runs the whole process multiple times to detect objects while this paper runs the whole process once sequentially; This comparison can be made clearer in experiments in terms of time-efficiency and more qualitative/quantitative results.