In this paper, the authors introduce a new class of probabilistic models (cooperative graphical model) and derive the corresponding variational inference schemes. The cooperative model is defined by adding an extra submodular function to energy of pairwise graphical models. This terms allows for higher-order interactions between the variables, compared to low-treewidth or pairwise models. The authors take advantage of the submodular structure and design efficient optimization algorithms to obtain both lower and upper variational bounds for the partition function. Numerical experiments show the quality of the bounds and the advantage of this cooperative graphical model on a small scale segmentation task. pros 1. Cooperative graphical models are formulated clearly and concisely. 2. This paper demonstrates the process of combining traditional variational inference methods with the two polytopes associated with the submodular function f to compute convex upper bounds (base polytope) and submodular lower bounds (upper submodular polyhedron) 3. Details are well illustrated when solving intermediate optimization problems. 4. Experimental results are convincing and well analyzed to show the effectiveness and efficiency of the various optimization approaches. cons: 1. The novelty with respect to [11] is a bit limited. It's true that this family of models generalizes the ones in [11], but the variational derivation using the base polytope B(f) is quite similar to [11]. 2. The core idea of cooperative graphical models is the extra submodular term. The main message of the paper is saying that this extra term will still allow for varaitional inference algorithms (exact inference is intractable, because it generalizes Ising models). The significance of this work is largely determined by the extra modeling power obtained by introducing the submodular term in the potential function. More experiments showing the advantage of this extra term would be desirable. 3. The paper develops tractable optimization algorithms for the new cooperative framework. The extra submodular term gives better experimental performance (as in Figure 6.), however, the optimization is more expensive. It would be good to report runtimes to better compare the traditional pairwise model and the cooperative model.