This paper provides variational lower/upper bound of partition of a special class of graphical models called `cooperative graphical model'. Cooperative graphical model is a probability distribution which is similar with pairwise graphical models but its energy function contains some extra submodular function of disagreement variable. The main technique for formulating variational lower/upper bound of cooperative graphical model is finding pairwise graphical model and its associate polytope which upper/lower bound the original cooperative graphical model. The author also provides algorithms for suggested bounds and experimental results for image segmentation. I think the proposed graphical model is interesting and novel. The authors provide a lower bound and a fully convex upper bound for partition function. In particular, variational upper/lower bound are formulated by using pairwise graphical models, e.g. mean field approximation and SDP, and therefore, one can apply existing variational methods for pairwise graphical models for cooperative graphical models. The author also provides algorithms, Frank-Wolfe, PGD and BP, for finding upper/lower bound. The experimental results shows that cooperative graphical models and its variational methods performs better than pairwise graphical models for image segmentation. Variational bounds provided in the paper are formulated by bounding the cooperative graphical model by pairwise models and use the existing variational bounds for pairwise models to bound cooperative graphical model. However, as the author applies two bounds consecutively, the suggested bound might be loose. Lower bound is not tractable. Since the optimization over a polytope U(f) is not tractable, the variational lower bound is also intractable. The author suggests an algorithm based on the block coordinate descent which finds the lower bound for the suggested variational lower bound, however, the algorithm only explore the finite points of U(f) and it may not provide a tight lower bound. The technique of constructing B(f) and U(f) seems generic. Can this technique applied to a wider class of f or other probability distribution? Furthermore, the optimization objectives (3), (4) for the variational upper/lower bound does not seems to be dependent with the submodularity of f (while the algorithms do). Typos - In page 2, line 59~60, for all x,y -> for all y,y^\prime - In page 5, procedure Linear-Oracle, `)' is missing for procedure 4,5 - In page 6, line 211, U(F) -> U(f) - In page 5, line 179, smoth -> smooth