The paper looks at a type of clustering problem in which there is some margin between points that belong in different clusters, and where there is an oracle that can check whether any two points are supposed to be in the same cluster. They give a probabilistic polynomial-time algorithm for this problem using a bounded number of queries to the oracle. They also prove that the k-means objective is NP-hard for instances with gamma margins below ~1.84, and give a lower bound on the number of queries to the oracle are required for such cases to be solvable in poly-time. The writing and notation is a bit unclear/needlessly complicated at times. There are few minor grammatical errors, and some sections are a bit hard to read. The manuscript also appeared not to have been spell checked. The algorithm uses an interesting application of binary search, although a bad choice of estimator for the cluster centre could result in either false negatives or false positives. The authors don't really discuss this point, which I think is important enough that it should be acknowledged. The description of the algorithm (on page 4) reads a bit differently from the actual algorithm on page 5, although this is mostly due to confusing writing. The description seems to state that they select points and stop when one of the clusters is big enough. The algorithm description states that it selects a fixed number of points such that one of the clusters is guaranteed to be big enough. Not an important distinction, but it would be nice if the description were clearer. They claim several times that the algorithm is guaranteed to run successfully when the gamma condition is met, but I'm not entirely convinced based on what is written. The proof of lemma 5 assumes that the difference between the real and sample centres is always less than \eps*radius. This is only proven in lemma 6 (which is confusing - these results need to be rearranged) but it's only a probabilistic bound - so I would assume lemma 5 should be probabilistic too. The overall result in Theorem 7 is with probability 1-\delta, which is weaker than the "guaranteed success" that is asserted in both the abstract and intro. Unless this result follows from something I'm missing, in which case the details should be pointed out somewhere a bit more obvious. Section 4.1 is a bit terse, although I haven't looked at the supplementary content it relies upon. A briefer presentation in the "proceedings" version, without excessive notation only referred to in the supplementary material, would would be clearer. The proof of the query lower-bound is neat. Overall the paper is in need of some editing and a few more details explaining their results. I think the main result might be a bit weaker than is claimed (probabilistic rather than guaranteed, unless I'm overlooking something) and lemmas 5 and 6 need to be reordered and expanded on a bit.