The authors detail a framework for clustering with same-clustering queries and show Larger issues: 1. The paper is missing an important piece: empirical studies to demonstrate (at least some of) the various theoretical properties of the SSAC algorithm on real datasets. This is a major issue and should be included in any revision of the paper, even if it's just in the supplementary material. 2. The authors state that they focus on "center-based clustering in Euclidean space", but that the results apply to any Hilbert space. A further discussion (or proof?) of this should be included. Similarly, the authors only discuss K-means. Is the use of this approach limited to K-means? The authors should discuss potential usage with other types of clustering techniques. 3. The theoretical results in Section 3 seem awkwardly placed, without any introductory statements or discussion of these properties in context. The authors should add some transitional / surrounding text here, and (ideally) split the theoretical properties into their own subsection. 4. Some of the proofs aren't really proofs. E.g., for Lemma 6, Theorem 14, and some others, the proofs seem a bit scattered and leave out many important details. Be sure to provide all fully-detailed proofs in the supplementary materials Other issues: -- There are a lot of typos. Here is a non-exhaustive list that I found: "address this issues"; "exhibit some nice properties and likely to"; "In such cases, optimal"; "help relaxing"; remove comma in "framework and, the rather unusual"; additional unnecessary parentheses around [ABS12]; "interactiveness" should be "interactivity"; "niceness of data under"; "Voroni" should be "Voronoi"; "section", "appendix", etc should be capitalized; subsection titles should have consistent capitalization (refer to NIPS guidelines here); "be a clustering instane"; "This results extends"; "which" is overly misused and should be "that" in several places; and possibly some others. -- The term "niceness" should be defined early in the document; the authors should be careful not to confuse their usage of this with the colloquial usage of nice, as in the authors own phrase, "some nice properties". -- Does "success" in the abstract refer to the completion of the algorithm or the accuracy of the algorithm? If accuracy, how are you defining success? -- Section 1.1 has some repeated information from earlier in the paper -- Why is 3.4 such a special number? The authors should explain why this is used in more detail. -- The authors should provide some additional intuition on the equivalency of Definition 4 and their definition of a same-cluster query in Definition 2. This is mostly clear in the text right now, but a brief example would help enhance the reader's understanding. -- "the solution of choice may vary significantly between different intended applications." Can the authors provide references for this and the subsequent sentence?