This paper systematically investigates the mechanism how much rating values are influenced by a RS (recommender system). The primary goal of this paper is to develop a method to infer the true rating matrix (which is not influenced by a RS) from the observed rating matrix, given by some plausible assumptions. The authors propose a truncated-SVD algorithm to recover the true rating matrix, and the score to measure how much the rating matrix is influenced by a RS. Even though the authors extensively validate the proposed algorithm on synthetic and real-world datasets, I believe that the assumptions raised by the authors does not properly model the real-world RS. The detailed questions are described in the below. First of all, the problem considered in this paper is interesting and useful to some potential applications that require the true rating matrix not influenced by any recommender systems. However, the inference of the true rating matrix from the observed one is an ill-posed problem, which need the "strong" (somewhat unrealistic) assumptions. The questions about the assumptions are summarized as follows: 1. Assumption 1 is quite restricted in the sense that the popular recommendation algorithms (e.x. Bayesian matrix factorization) cannot be properly expressed in Eq. (2). If the real-world RS makes use of a complex recommendation algorithm that is not covered by the Assumption 1, it is hard to validate the quality of the true rating matrix extracted by the proposed algorithm. 2. In Assumption 2, the single Bernoulli random variable is used to approximate the indicator matrix (described in Assumption 1), which means that every user should follow the recommended rating by the same manner. I think that this is also non-realistic situation. Thus, I believe that Assumption 1 and 2 are too "strong" to model the real-world RS. Besides the assumptions, I have a question about the score described in Eq. (10), which is designed to measure how much the rating is affected by RS. I think that the proposed score is somewhat complex without proper reasons. For example, we simply use the distance between the observed ratings and the straight line as a score to measure the influence of RS. If the score should be normalized, a sigmoid function may be used to properly normalize the distance.