This paper provides a more formal definitions and metrics for measuring the robustness of neural networks to small perturbations of their inputs. The paper shows how to use these metrics to evaluate the robustness of deep networks for MNIST and CIFAR. The paper also shows how the proposed metrics can be approximated and encoded using a linear programming approach. The work presents some empirical evidence supporting the notion that prior approaches proposed to address the problem of robustness using adversarial examples can overfit the model to the adversarial examples. Importantly, the approach proposed here can also be used to improve robustness with respect to both previously proposed metrics and the metrics proposed here. This paper presents a technically rigorous analysis of the issue of robustness to perturbations of inputs to neural networks with a focus on so called adversarial examples. The work examines a new formulation for defining and computing approximations to metrics consisting of the proposed definitions for: a) adversarial severity and b) adversarial frequency. As stated in the manuscript, the concept of adversarial frequency proposed here 'corresponds to the accuracy on adversarial examples used to measure robustness in [5, 19]', while 'Severity can be used to differentiate between neural nets with similar adversarial frequency'. I appreciate the technical rigour used to define these metrics, to formulate a linear programming approach to approximate them and the use of the approach to generate or find adversarial examples in a way that can be used to improve robustness. The key insights here revolve around restricting the analysis to the local linear regime of a neural network using ReLU units (and therefore simplifying the analysis). The manuscript should be more explicit when discussing the issue regarding the non-convexity of disjunctions (lines 197-212). As written it is not clear if the proposed strategy for dealing with disjunctions leads to another approximation or an exact (convex) reformulation. Please clarify in the author response using the exact language that would/could be added to the manuscript concerning this issue. The experimental work is reasonably well executed. If more significant practical impact could have been demonstrated on the CIFAR experiments then I would have likely give this work an even higher rating. Based on the valued added from the technical analysis, the LP convex optimization formulation and the experimental work I give this work a solid poster rating.