The paper proposes an extension to popular encoder-decoder approaches, e.g. for image captioning. Specifically, the idea of the paper is to include an intermediate "reviewer" module which predicts a set of fact vectors, which could e.g. represent the most important concepts in an image. These fact vectors are then provided, in addition to a hidden representation to the decoder model. Interestingly, the fact vectors can be supervised additionally during training time. Strength: - Interesting idea to include additional supervision in the encoder-decoder learning approach. - Experimental evaluation on two tasks and dataset, in both cases showing improvement over ablations. - The paper shows that the approach is a generalization over normal encoder-decoder approaches. Weaknesses: 1. For the captioning experiment, the paper compares to related work only on some not official test set or dev set, however the final results should be compared on the official COOC leader board on the blind test set: https://competitions.codalab.org/competitions/3221results e.g. [5,17] have won this challenge and have been evaluated on the blind challenge set. Also, several other approaches have been proposed since then and significantly improved (see leaderboard, the paper should at least compare to the once where an corresponding publication is available). 2. A human evaluation for caption generation would be more convincing as the automatic evaluation metrics can be misleading. 3. It is not clear from Section 4.2 how the supervision is injected for the source code caption experiment. While it is over interesting work, for acceptance at least points 1 and 3 of the weaknesses have to be addressed. ==== post author response === The author promised to include the results from 1. in the final For 3. it would be good to state it explicitly in Section section 4.2. I encourage the authors to include the additional results they provided in the rebuttal, e.g. T_r in the final version, as it provides more insight in the approach. Mine and, as far as I can see, the other reviewers concerns have been largely addressed, I thus recommend to accept the paper.