The problem considered is improving a baseline policy when an MDP with a known uncertainty about its transitions is available. The authors propose to solve an optimization problem of maximizing the difference in return between the new policy and the baseline, under the worst possible model in the uncertainty set. Since the same model is used both for the new policy and the baseline, this results in a less conservative formulation than a standard robust MDP. However, this problem is shown to be NP-hard, and a heuristic approximation is proposed, and validated empirically. I enjoyed reading this paper. The examples throughout the paper are illuminating, and the theoretical results are clearly presented. The proposed optimization problem is adequately investigated, and the comparison to existing algorithms is interesting. Robust MDPs have been around for quite some time, though they are often criticized of being too conservative to be of practical use. I hope this original application, which seems like a natural way to overcome this conservativeness, will lead to wider use of robust MDPs. I have one concern that I'd like the authors to clarify: If I understand correctly, Algorithm 1 comes with no theoretical guarantees of safety, nor performance bounds, due to the approximation involved. In this case, how is it better than simply solving the robust MDP: maxpi min{\xi \in \Xi(\hat{P}, e)} \rho(\pi,\xi) ? (i.e., Algorithm 2, but without the safety criterion in line 2 of Algorithm 2) I would think that this is a reasonable baseline to compare with, at least empirically, as it measures the significance of the proposed heuristic modification to the uncertainty set. Since it also comes with no guarantees, there is no prior reason to prefer Algorithm 2 over it. Minor comments: 134: This is subjective, but I find it more readable to give examples their own counter. 166: The problem of simultaneously minimizing the returns of two MDPs may be of independent interest. Is it a new result that it is NP-hard? Does your proof cover this general case? If so, I would consider presenting it as such. 190: Proposition 7