This paper presents an unsupervised domain-adaptation method that jointly optimize both labels of the target data and representations of the source and target data. The proposed method is based on two types of consistency: cyclic consistency and structured consistency. The cyclic consistency is defined as a consistency between the label of the source data that is predicted based on the inferred label of the target data and its ground-truth. The structured consistency is defined as a consistency between the inferred labels of two target points that are similar to each other. Experimental results show that the proposed method performs better than some state-of-the-art methods. The basic idea of this paper is joint optimization of the target label and representation of each domain data. I appreciate that the idea is reasonable, and it should be effective for unsupervised domain adaptation. However, I have some major concerns about its implementation as shown below. In Eq. (2), the first term of Eq. (1) is ignored, however, it would be unreasonable because i+ or i- in the first term of Eq. (1) depends on (y1, ..., yNu). In Eq. (2), the loss l(x,y) is newly introduced. Since it changes the original objective function and doesn't appear in Eq. (3), convergence of the alternating minimization is not already guaranteed. In Eq. (3), the second term of Eq. (1) is ignored, however, it would be unreasonable because Phit in the second term of Eq. (1) depends on both thetat and theta_c. After rebuttal: In the rebuttal, the authors show high stability of the proposed method, and I appreciate that the authors purposefully omit some terms of the object function in the sub-problems to tackle the inaccuracy problem in the initial iterations. However, I feel it somewhat ad-hoc, and I wonder if the optimization process actually minimizes the original object function shown in Eq. 1. I think the authors should modify the object function instead of changing sub-problems. Moreover, the authors describe "It cross-domain distances are accurate ..." in the rebuttal, but it may contradict the above inaccuracy problem.