This paper introduces a new criteria (product cut) for graph partitioning as an alternative to the popular normalized cut. An exact continuous relaxation is shown for the problem of minimizing the product cut (if the graph is connected). The continuous relaxation is then solved using sequential linear programming. The authors introduce a new criteria called product cut as an alternative to the popular normalized cut used in graph-based clustering. The main motivation seems to be enforcing stronger balance among the components of the partition. There is already a wide variety of balanced cut criteria in the literature [Ref1] which address the imbalance problem pointed out in the paper. A comparison against these criteria is needed to analyze the advantages of the product cut. It is bit surprising that they use a very old method [14] to argue that normalized cut criteria yields highly imbalanced partition on real data. They should use more recent methods [Ref1, Ref2] that are shown to produce better normalized cuts. Also, as far as I understood, they use the fully dense smoothed version (\Gamma\alpha) to minimize normalized cut instead of the similarity matrix W usually used in the literature. The continuous relaxation works only if the product cut is defined on a fully dense matrix (\Gamma\alpha). Otherwise the objective of the continuous relaxation is not well-defined (because of the log-term; see lines 169-170). This is a serious modelling limitation. The algorithm proposed for the continuous relaxation suffers from early termination (line 197). They circumvent this problem by first incorporating a random subset of the constraints of the continuous problem and then adding more constraints. Moreover, in order to scale to large datasets, they employ several approximations in their algorithm (e.g., for solving the two linear systems in each iteration). So it is not clear how effectively the overall algorithm minimizes the product cut. Experiments: ------------ It is bit strange that they report the average purity over 500 different runs for product cut. They should report the purity of the best initialization (found according to the product cut criteria). Comparison against recent methods [Ref1, Ref2] that minimize normalized cut are clearly missing in the experiments. Moreover, one needs a comparison against other balanced cut criteria given in [Ref1] to see the benefits of product cut. The NMFR method [13] achieves almost the same clustering purity values as the product cut. It would be interesting to see the product cut values achieved by the partitions found by NMFR (other methods as well, although they do not directly minimize it). This would show the effectiveness of the proposed method in minimizing the product cut. Ref1: M. Hein and S. Setzer, Beyond Spectral Clustering - Tight Relaxations of Balanced Graph Cuts. NIPS 2011. Ref2: S. Rangapuram, P. K. Mudrakarta and M. Hein, Tight continuous relaxation of the balanced k-cut problem. NIPS 2014.