The paper proposes an RNN architecture, where the recurrent matrix is unitary (uRNN), and is optimized over the entire space of unitary matrices. The authors also prove that previously proposed unitary RNN optimization method was not "full-capacity", i.e. did not cover the entire space. The capacity analysis is done using the Givens decomposition. Novelty: Using Unitary matrices for RNNs (uRNN) gained some attention recently. This paper addresses an interesting question: how to optimize a unitary matrix over the entire space of unitary matrices. The proposed optimization, over the Stiefel manifold, is a simple yet powerful technique that achieves this. Impact: It remains to be seen if other researchers accept Unitary matrices as a viable alternative to LSTMs, and if this technique proves more powerful than previously proposed ones, so impact is unclear. Clarity: The introduction and analysis using the Givens decomposition are clearly written, and convincing. Section (4) which briefly described the optimization method can be improved by providing adding eq (1) from [16] and briefly explaining why gradient descent over manifolds is carried in the tangent space. Technical quality: - The authors demonstrate nicely how their method outperforms LSTMs in the experimental section. - A problem I see with comparison to previous uRNN technique is this: When the authors compare partial and full capacity matrices they match the size of the matrices and not the number of trainable parameters (which in theory also corresponds to memory usage and running time). So for the results of section 5 one might wonder what would happen if these were matched. - In section 5.2 the MSE results actually support more the restricted capacity uRNN (and not the proposed model), so the authors add "voice quality" measures which shows the superior quality of their model. The problem is that this was not the the optimization objective. The authors can perhaps solve this by optimizing MSE in mel-space instead of linear frequency space, which is known correlate much better with voice quality. Minor comments: - line 80: please mention the P is chosen randomly and fixed throughout training. - line 101: extra "define". - Regarding Theorem 3.1, please mention if the bound is tight, otherwise it's not clear there exists a full capacity matrix.