Review of 1820 The unsupervised risk estimation approach is based on two key assumptions: The feature vector x can be partitioned as x=(x1,x2,…xv) such that i) the class-conditional distributions factor into a product of distributions (one factor for each xi) ii) the loss is a separable function (one term for each xi) The authors state that (i) is a "surprisingly weak assumption," but it seems rather strong to me. For example, if the class-conditional distributions are Gaussian then (i) requires that the covariances are block-diagonal. Perhaps the authors could better motivate the assumption by discussing it in relation to multi-view learning (the term "view" is not mentioned until page 3). Also, it might help to include a motivational real-world example in the introduction. Also (ii) seems to rule out most commonly used loss functions, such as the usually hinge and logistic losses, which are nonlinear and therefore non-separable in x. To illustrate, in Example 1 in the paper, the authors assume a logistic model of the form theta^T (phi1(x1,y)+phi2(x2,y)+phi3(x3,y)). The standard GLM logistic model (for a linear classifier) has the form yw^T x = y(w1^T x1+w2^T x2+w3^T x3), which can not be represented in the form of Example 1 unless the phii functions include learnable parameters. Example 2 in the paper proposes a separable form of hinge loss. This accommodates their approach, but it is a different loss than the usual hinge loss. Again, perhaps these sorts of modifications could be motivated in the context of multi-view learning. Past work in this area is said to handle only 0/1-loss. The main contribution of the paper is to consider the above framework (factorized class-conditional distributions and separable loss functions) with continuous losses. Since the losses are continuous, rather than counts, the authors propose a method of moments approach to keep the computations tractable. Specifically, under the "3-view" assumption, the approach is based on a finding a decomposition of a third order tensor. The paper is fairly well written and the application of tensor decomposition methods to this sort of unsupervised risk estimation appears to be novel (although the tensor-based machinery used to prove the main theorem is pretty standard now). The paper would benefit from better motivation of the 3-view assumptions (conditional independence of views and separability of loss), which might be helped with a nice real-world application example in the introduction.